www.allsafecoin.org
WHITE   PAPER
Version: 1.1
Date: 19-10-2018




T ABLE OF C ONTENTS
➔    Introduction and History
➔    Technological Overview
➔    Project Roadmap
➔    Purpose of AllSafe Coin
➔    Mission and Vision
➔    Our Team
➔    Social media and Contacts




I                                                                                   NTRODUCTION AND H ISTORY
In  the  last  few  years,  the  cryptocurrency  community  has  consistently
grown. But the original fact can say that, this cryptocurrency community is
still  in  the  early  stages  of  expansion  and  is  a  continuously  expanding
market which offers great opportunities for traders all around the world.
Presently,  there  are  over  1,600  cryptocurrencies,  above  10,450  markets
and a total market cap of nearly  $400 billion as per statistics available in
www.coinmarketcap.com.
The  most  popular  cryptocurrency  available  in  the  market  is  Bitcoin,
Ethereum, Ripple etc. Bitcoin and Ethereum soared to record highs amid
increased investor interest. Moreover, we can say that in upcoming days
the amount of cryptocurrency will be increased and the list of interested
investor also increased.
Allsafe  is  a  peer-to-peer  cryptocurrency  and  open  source  software
project released under the Script. Creation and transfer of coins is based
on an open source cryptographic protocol.
3




H ISTORY OF A LL S AFE C OIN
Initially the coin was AllSafe but the dev disappeared and Then came
back renamed was Did swap as AllSafe2™ and then disappeared again.
Then he returned with the promise that he would make the coin master
node, and disappeared again. Since this coin has a strong community, we
decided to take care of the coin and decided to create a fund, and ordered
a new block explorer, ordered a new site. We are assembling a new team,
and in the future we are going to really create Master node and make a
coin better.
4




T ECHNOLOGICAL O VERVIEW
Bitcoin  is  designed  by  Satoshi  Nakamoto.  It  is  a  peer-to-peer
cryptocurrency. Allsafe is a peer-to-peer cryptocurrency and open source
software project released under the script.
 PoS
A Proof of Stake (PoS) system, concept states that a person can
mine or validate block transactions according to how many coins he or
she holds. This means that the more Bitcoin or Altcoin owned by a
miner, the more Mining power he or she has.
The first Cryptocurrency to adopt the PoS method was Peer Coin.
Next, Black Coin, and Shadow Coin.
 Master Node
While a staking node is defined as an active electronic device that
is  attached  to  the  network  and  responsible  for  validating  the  block
chain, that is called a master node. It is a full node of the network
that provides several services.
 Coin Specs
✔  Max Supply only 15,000,000 coins.
✔  Stake (PoS) reward 15% per year.
✔  Block time 60 seconds.
✔  Network: http://allsafe2.thecryptochat.net/network.php
✔  Blockchain Technology: Used algorithm script Full PoS.
✔  Lighting fast: Matures only with 15 confirmations.
✔  User focused: AllSafe Coin is driven by its users.
5




P ROJECT R OADMAP
6




P URPOSE OF A LL S AFE C OIN
AllSafe coin serves and was made for the purpose of Cyber Security.
O UR M ISSION & V ISION
AllSafe Coin mission is going to make an environment that allows easy
and secure staking via PoS of security. It will have done by using staking
procedure and in the future make a proper AllSafe coin, PoS and Master
node.
O UR T EAM M EMBERS
<To be updated soon>
7




S OCIAL M EDIA & C ONTACTS
➢     Website:
www.allsafecoin.org
➢     Bitcoin Talk:
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=4927361
➢     Official Discord:
https://discordapp.com/invite/zsFJBqf
➢     Official Telegram Group:
https://t.me/joinchat/EBUonAwACQIYXovzxqsXVQ
➢     Official Twitter:
https://twitter.com/Allsafecoin
8




THE END





