B L O C K C H A I N I N V E S T M E N T B A N K I N G
Whitepaper v.4.12
1




Contents
Introduction                                                                  6
Azbit’s strengths                                                             6
Banking                                                                       7
Multi-currency exchange                                                       7
Investment platform                                                           7
The Azbit.ID secure identification system                                     8
Problems and solutions                                                        9
Tighter regulation of cryptocurrencies and ICOs                               9
Regulatory complexity                                                         9
Solution                                                                      10
Banking                                                                       10
The complicated relationship between the banking and cryptocurrency sectors   10
Payment cards                                                                 10
Banking services                                                              11
Regulatory pressure on banks and payment systems                              11
Solution                                                                      12
Exchanges                                                                     12
Challenges faced by cryptocurrency services                                   12
High-quality technical support                                                12
Listing of new instruments                                                    12
2




Readiness for explosive growth                                    13
Comprehensive initial functionality and a high-quality solution   13
Security and fault tolerance                                      13
Security and utility tokens                                       14
Solution                                                          14
Alternative Trading System                                        15
A decentralized exchange and simplified token listing             15
Investment platform                                               15
The attractiveness and dangers of cryptocurrency investment       15
Investors’ lack of knowledge and information                      17
Risks associated with cryptocurrency funds                        18
Challenges faced by managing traders                              18
Solution                                                          18
Benefits of the investment platform for investors                 18
Benefits of the investment platform for traders                   19
Benefits for affiliates and thought leaders                       19
Functionality                                                     20
Banking                                                           20
Account services and payments (SWIFT, SEPA)                       21
Payments and accounts in national currencies                      21
Fiat payment services                                             21
Custodial accounts                                                21
Segregated accounts                                               21
Instant exchange                                                  22
3




Issuing and processing debit cards. Contactless payments   22
Cryptocurrency portfolio-backed P2P lending                22
P2P lending arrangements                                   23
Brokerage and blockchain integration                       23
Multi-currency exchange                                    23
Crypto-to-crypto trading                                   24
Crypto-to-fiat trading                                     24
Security token trading                                     24
A decentralized exchange                                   24
Mirror exchange (Ethereum blockchain)                      25
Liquidity aggregation                                      26
Margin trading                                             26
Algorithmic trading and the Algo market                    26
Investment platform                                        27
CopyTrade accounts                                         27
How CopyTrade works                                        28
ShareTrade accounts                                        28
How ShareTrade works                                       29
Portfolio Management accounts                              29
How Portfolio Management works                             30
Investment account features                                31
The Azbit.ID secure identification system                  31
Technical details                                          32
Azbit Technical Structure                                  33
4




Our ICO campaign         34
Azbit tokens             34
Azbit tokenized shares   37
Budget and spending      37
ICO phases               38
Who can buy AZ tokens?   38
Charity                  39
Roadmap                  40
Advisors                 41
Our team                 45
5




Introduction
Azbit will provide traditional financial services for crypto projects and private users, as well as
access to investment products.
We will offer:
▲   For blockchain businesses and private individuals: traditional fiat banking and financial services,
as well as brokerage services providing access to trading on traditional stock and currency
markets
▲   For traders and investors: access via a single platform to the most popular cryptocurrency
investment tools, such as trade copying, social trading and portfolio management
▲   For every crypto user: access to online trading in cryptocurrencies, as well as utility and security
tokens.
To this end, we plan to be registered and regulated in all the necessary jurisdictions, including in
Europe, Asia and the US.
Our project will have the following components:
▲   A banking service and payment processing
▲   A multi-currency exchange supporting as many cryptocurrencies and utility/security tokens as
possible
▲   An investment platform
▲   The Azbit.ID secure identification system
Azbit’s strengths
1. Azbit’s smart contract has been successfully audited by Bloxy
An external audit is an important stage for any smart contract, because it protects the interests
of both sides — investors and the company. Bloxy are trusted experts in the field of blockchain
analytics.  Their  audits  are  based  on  objective  data  and  pure  mathematics,  using  warehouse
technology.
2. Tokenized shares
AZ tokens are backed by shares in Azbit AG, a company registered in Switzerland. Azbit has issued
2,000,000 shares with a par value of 200,704 AZ tokens each. AZ token holders will automatically
become shareholders, and will share 75% of the platform’s net profit.
3. Regulation and licenses
Azbit is regulated in the U.S. The Securities and Exchange Commission allows U.S. accredited
investors to purchase AZ tokens.
6




We have already obtained a Small Payment Institution license to process payments in the European
Union. The next stage will be to obtain a European banking license. Having these documents will
open up many opportunities for Azbit.
4. Support from top advisors
Azbit’s consultants include Roger Ver, Mate Tokay, Giovanni Lesna Maranetto, and Mickey Choi.
Roger Ver is a crypto billionaire and the CEO of Bitcoin.com. The last four projects to which he
has been an advisor successfully reached their declared hard cap, and have raised up to USD
50,000,000.
Mate Tokay is the CCO of Bitcoin.com, and one of the most influential people in the blockchain
media industry.
Giovanni Lesna Maranetto is a blockchain strategist and entrepreneur, and a top 30 ICObench
advisor.
Mickey Choi is a prominent representative of the Korean private investor community. He is a
business angel, and an early investor in ICOs and STOs.
5. Strong partner support
Azbit has already signed cooperation agreements with more than blockchain projects, including
Ubex, Bitcoin.com, Bitcoincash, FxCash, KMA.biz, Coinspeaker.com, and Bloxy.info. This will give
us advantages such as:
- Additional investment
- Cross-marketing
- An inflow of clients who will support liquidity and financial performance after the project’s launch
- Support from the English- and Russian-speaking crypto communities.
Banking
A European banking license will allow us to meet all the legislative requirements for working with
fiat money, to offer account services for established blockchain businesses, start-ups and private
individuals, and to support the processing of payments for elements of Azbit’s infrastructure.
It will also allow us to offer access to traditional stock markets and forex markets. An innovative
feature of our project is that quotes will be recorded in a blockchain, preventing the conflicts
between the interests of brokers and traders that are typical of such services.
Multi-currency exchange
The fact that we will have various divisions with different jurisdictions and regulations will allow
users to choose the features that meet their requirements.
Traders will be able to use all the cryptocurrency instruments currently available, as well as pairs
with fiat currencies and security tokens.
Investment platform
Our  investment  platform  is  one  of  Azbit’s  key  innovations.  Successful  traders  will  have  the
opportunity to raise additional trading capital, and investors to invest in cryptocurrency effectively
and profitably.
7




The Azbit.ID secure identification system
The Azbit.ID system will offer users fast and secure access to all our services via a single registration
and authentication service. Other blockchain projects will be able to use Azbit.ID for automation
and to cut the costs of anti-money laundering (AML) and know your customer (KYC) procedures.
8




Problems and solutions
Tighter regulation of cryptocurrencies and ICOs
There is no doubt that the market enthusiasm for ICOs has started to wane, both among investors
and among the projects holding them. Regulators are interfering more and more with fundraising,
imposing restrictions and tightening control. At the same time, potential investors are getting
choosier about where to put their money, studying proposed projects more closely, and weighing
up the risks more carefully.
The cryptocurrency market is, quite naturally, heading towards stricter regulation. The relevant
authorities are trying to prevent uncontrolled movements of cash. Neither the legislation, nor the
legislators themselves, were ready for such rapid growth of the cryptocurrency industry. In their
attempts to maintain control over financial flows, the authorities have often put businesses in a
very difficult position, which has sometimes led to projects being suspended, or even terminated.
On one hand, the existence of rules would allow all participants in the market to work with greater
confidence and peace of mind, since a legal framework for their interaction would unquestionably
reduce the potential risks. On the other, the lack of adequate and up-to-date laws and definitions
is resulting in complicated legal arrangements and agreements.
The amount of funds raised by blockchain projects from all the ICOs in the past year has come
under scrutiny from regulators in many countries, not least because of the number of scam projects
aimed principally at raising funds while deceiving investors and not fulfilling their obligations.
As a result of the interference from the regulators, methods that use an ICO to raise funds and avoid
regulation no longer work. With the legislation still in development and definitions ambiguous,
holding an ICO has become quite a risky move. Many projects have shut down under the threat of
regulatory intervention. Some countries have even prohibited ICO fundraising, or have brought in
tough rules for such procedures, making them impossible for many projects.1
In creating our project, our legal priorities were:
▲   To establish an open and legitimate business
▲   To present the project correctly to regulators
▲   To minimize the legal risks
▲   To build transparent, trust-based relationships with our partner
Regulatory complexity
The lack of clear regulation is one of the most pressing issues facing the cryptocurrency market
today. For all their attempts to impose order, legislators in most countries have been unable
1.   https://www.bitcoinmarketjournal.com/ico-regulations/
9




to reach agreement and establish once and for all the status of cryptocurrencies and tokens in
general. In recent times, regulators have been increasingly active, and complying with particular
laws is not always possible. There have been cases where pressure from regulators has forced even
established projects to seek refuge in new countries and change jurisdiction to avoid prosecution.2
Solution
Azbit’s  main  project  is  therefore  initially  being  established  under  European  jurisdiction,  with
existing regulations in mind, so as to ensure unhindered access to traditional markets.
We are also creating a number of subsidiaries, which will be registered independently in other
jurisdictions in order to provide the functions our users need.
Even though cryptocurrency legislation has a long way to go, we believe that the future lies in
a regulated market. And we want to be among the first projects operating in compliance with
established law.
Banking
The complicated relationship between the banking and cryptocurrency
sectors
The emergence of cryptocurrencies has only strengthened the trends already seen for a number of
years in the banking sector. And while the cryptocurrency market might be going through teething
troubles, the traditional banking sphere is experiencing a number of issues that are only getting
worse.
All  this  is  spilling  over  into  serious  disagreements,  and  not  infrequently  even  open  conflict,
between banks and cryptocurrency projects. Cryptocurrencies clearly present a great danger to
the monopoly of the traditional financial systems.
Payment cards
For  example,  Visa  and  MasterCard  have  stopped  servicing  most  plastic  cards  supporting
cryptocurrencies. Admittedly, the reason given is that they do not meet the criteria for being part
of the financial system.3
As a result, major players such as WaveCrest have lost practically all their business. Their payment
cards were used by most leading crypto projects, such as Xapo, Advanced Cash (AdvCash), TenX
and Bitwala. All of these issued WaveCrest cards. As we have a contract with WaveCrest, we have
also been affected.
Naturally, this has not stopped the emergence of new solutions and suppliers, but the situation
with regard to issuing plastic cards for crypto projects remains complicated.
2. https://cointelegraph.com/news/worlds-second-largest-crypto-exchange-okex-moves-to-blockchain-island-of-malta
3. https://www.forbes.com/sites/naeemaslam/2018/02/05/banks-banning-cryptocurrency-purchase-on-credit-cards-why
10




Banking services
Today,  even  opening  a  regular  bank  account  is  usually  not  possible  for  blockchain  projects.
Furthermore, it is not uncommon for banks to freeze or close the accounts of projects already
running, putting their business processes under threat.4
Traditional banks do not always understand the cryptocurrency business, so the latter is always
seen as high-risk.
The tougher rules brought in by regulators and correspondent banks have added to the suspicion
and mistrust of the cryptocurrency industry among commercial banks. Correspondent banks have
imposed huge fines for breaches of legislation, which is only making traditional banks even less
willing to work with crypto projects.5
Our familiarity with the challenges of the market will help us to provide banking services and to
perform all the statutory procedures strictly and rigorously while meeting the requirements of the
cryptocurrency industry.
Regulatory pressure on banks and payment systems
In recent times, many banks have experienced difficulties, and have had to pay huge fines for
various infringements. Just three or four years ago, working with the dollar was not a problem for
banks.
New laws adopted in the US on countering the financing of terrorism and AML/KYC procedures
and compiling internal bank reports and submitting them to regulators. According to these rules,
electronic payment systems also present risks and need to be fully controlled.
With this in mind, the US has imposed even tougher regulations, including control over all traceable
bank transactions. It is no secret that, ostensibly to track possible financial transactions by terrorists,
the US Treasury Department, as well as the FBI and the CIA, have extensive access to the SWIFT
system and track the majority of transactions.
Following the US’s example, albeit to a lesser extent, Europe has also started to toughen its
regulations. Violations of the rules for working with American correspondent banks now bring
draconian penalties.
For example, almost all Latvian banks have had problems in the last two years. Banks such as
Rietumu Banka have incurred huge losses, and some, such as Aizkraukles Banka, have even folded.6
There have been a number of test cases. Rietumu Banka has been fined $80 mln by a French court.
Baltikums Bank, now renamed Blue Orange Bank, has survived, but has lost its correspondent
accounts in the US. They have been forced to use intermediaries in China, and external transfer
fees have increased by an order of magnitude.7
4. https://news.bitcoin.com/norwegian-court-rules-nordea-bank-close-account-crypto-exchange/
5. http://fortune.com/2018/06/11/wells-fargo-bitcoin-cryptocurrency-credit-cards/
6. https://www.bankingsupervision.europa.eu/press/pr/date/2018/html/ssm.pr180224.en.html
7. https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-04-26/latvian-leader-wants-bank-clampdown-to-reopen-u-s-dollar-system
11




Germany’s Deutsche Bank was fined $14 bn by the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC),
but managed to get the amount substantially reduced.8
Even so, it is clear that most banks are experiencing serious problems, and are feeling more and
more pressure from regulators. Given all these internal issues, it is not surprising that banks do
not want to increase their own risks associated with cryptocurrency projects that they do not
understand.
The world has become far more regulated than it was. In such conditions, the cryptocurrency
industry has proved vulnerable. We are well aware of this, and will take all the regulatory conditions
into account as we provide our banking services. In doing so, we will not only meet our own needs,
but will also offer services for the whole cryptocurrency industry.
Solution
Obtaining our own banking license will make dealing with banking systems smoother, and help to
avoid problems both for our correspondent banks and for the crypto project itself.
To date, we have obtained a Payment Institution license in the Czech Republic. The next stage will
be to obtain a banking license in the European Union.
Exchanges
Challenges faced by cryptocurrency services
While we are optimistic about our proposed cryptocurrency service, we know the challenges
involved.  In  our  experience,  even  the  biggest  projects  have  their  shortcomings  and  run  into
stumbling blocks, as outlined below.
High-quality technical support
New projects and services coming to the market often underestimate the importance of providing
their  clients  with  high-quality  and  timely  technical  support.  Exchanges  usually  receive  more
support requests from their users than they anticipate. Consequently, almost all of them — large or
small — have problems handling support requests quickly, even when the market is relatively quiet.
In the event of a spike in activity, many simply stop work, suspending new client registration and
taking days, if not weeks, to address requests.
Another problem is that staff often lack the relevant practical experience to deal with problems
arising in unforeseen situations. Even where the technology works perfectly, there a number of
aspects of how a cryptocurrency service works with its clients that are not immediately obvious
and require special training.
Listing of new instruments
Thanks to the success and enormous growth of the cryptocurrency market in 2016-2017, initial coin
8. http://fortune.com/2018/06/11/wells-fargo-bitcoin-cryptocurrency-credit-cards/
12




offerings (ICOs) have become a popular way to raise investment. Today, however, many blockchain
start-ups are facing a new problem: how to list their tokens on cryptocurrency exchanges after
their token sale campaigns.
Generally, this is solely a matter of costs: prices for listing new trading instruments are often
unreasonable.
For example, Business Insider quotes figures of from $50,000 to $1,000,000 for listing tokens on
crypto platforms.9
Readiness for explosive growth
While any business offering services in the cryptocurrency market hopes to have as much work
as possible, the events of early 2018 showed that even the biggest exchanges were not ready for
such a rapid expansion of their client base.10 Services have been unable to respond to the market’s
sudden expansion; not all can afford to maintain spare technical capacity and human resources.
Furthermore, even those that can have also faced problems, in terms both of network congestion
and of their other departments being overloaded with work.
The resulting delays are inevitably leading to client losses and damaging companies’ reputations.
Inadequate business process optimization is resulting in structural management problems and
slowing business growth.
An example of this is the downtime suffered in February by Binance, when the exchange suspended
its operations completely for several days, reportedly because of technical problems initially,
followed by a DDoS attack.11
Drawing up a detailed scalability plan at the infrastructure design stage will allow us to minimize
the risk of such situations occurring.
Even when the market is falling, it is still important to prepare for a time when the industry will be
buoyant again.
Comprehensive initial functionality and a high-quality solution
Many services coming to the market offer only a limited range of basic functions. In most cases,
unfortunately, this does not change. Once they have started to make a profit, services stop investing
in development and adding functions.
Having had a narrow and limited range of functions to start with, the vast majority of services stay
that way. At best, they achieve quantitative growth, but not qualitative.
Security and fault tolerance
An appropriate level of information security is a must for cryptocurrency services. Attempts at
9. http://uk.businessinsider.com/cryptocurrency-exchanges-listing-tokens-cost-fees-ico-2018-3
10. https://news.bitcoin.com/binance-exchange-disables-new-user-registrations/
11. http://uk.businessinsider.com/cryptocurrency-exchange-binance-suspends-trading-says-wasnt-hacked-2018-2
13




hacking, interference with their operations, or information theft are always a possibility. Even where
employees have good technical training, a lack of practical experience can have dire consequences,
both for clients and for the business.
An example of this is the successful hack of the Coincheck exchange in January 2018, a consequence
of an unwise strategy of keeping clients’ money in hot wallets without multi-sig security. As a
result, more than $500 mln was stolen.12
Carrying out detailed analysis of hacking attacks and feasible protection systems is a key part of
our comprehensive security strategy.
Security and utility tokens
At present, the regulators in most countries distinguish two main types of token: utility and security.
The main problem is that it is not always easy to say for certain which category a particular token
belongs to. There are a number of parameters by which a token can be classed as one or other
type. Unfortunately, there is no agreement on such definitions. Typically, it always possible to
interpret a token’s basic purpose in different ways.
How tokens are distributed and used directly depends on their classification. An incorrect or
debatable definition can threaten an entire project issuing such a token.
In most countries, there is almost no regulation of utility tokens, so there is considerable scope both
for substantial gains and for fraud-related losses. At the same time, the overwhelming majority of
tokens declared to be utility tokens are instruments for trading and earning. In effect, they have all
the features of securities or security tokens. This is also a reason why many projects have drawn
attention from regulators.
Most cryptocurrency services, such as exchanges and funds, have been created in an unregulated
environment. In recent times, however, there has been a strong trend towards greater regulation
of the cryptocurrency market. As a result, many projects, both established and new, now face
additional pressure and challenges. For the most part, they are seeking to avoid regulation, by
moving to countries with more sympathetic laws.
At the same time, we are seeing a need for services governed by official European regulations. This
is necessary primarily to ensure the conditions to protect small investors, who are the most active
in the cryptocurrency market. Without clear regulation and services of an appropriate standard,
however, major and institutional investors will be unable to enter the market. Were they to do
so, they would bring significant new investment to the industry, thereby increasing the market’s
overall value.
Solution
Clearly, many people want to be able to work with cryptocurrency instruments and utility tokens
under looser regulations. Accordingly, the first stage in implementing our ecosystem’s features will
be the launch of a crypto-crypto exchange.
12.   http://fortune.com/2018/01/31/coincheck-hack-how/
14




To this end, our parent company, Azbit, will set up a new company in a non-EU jurisdiction. This
will host an investment platform and a cryptocurrency exchange without fiat support for utility
token trading.
The more favorable regulations will allow the functionality to be implemented, and the platform
launched, significantly more quickly. This will make it possible to start earning even before the
main, regulated platform has been fully launched.
To support trading in crypto/fiat instruments under the project, we are establishing a company
under European jurisdiction, which will be regulated by European laws and will comply with the
EU’s MiFID directive. We will also obtain all the necessary brokerage licenses and documents. This
will make it possible to trade fiat and cryptocurrency instruments in a lawful manner.
Alternative Trading System
Once we have set up our own Alternative Trading System (ATS), users will be able to trade security
instruments and tokens via a single crypto platform. The licensing requirements for such a system
are much simpler than those for a securities exchange.
Given the current state of the legislative framework and the extent of the legal procedures involved,
it is clear that the legalization process in Europe may take considerable time. Nevertheless, we see
this as a far-sighted, important and necessary step, both for our project, and for the industry as a
whole.
A decentralized exchange and simplified token listing
Another feature of our project will be a decentralized exchange module.
Listing new ERC-20 tokens will be simply a matter of purchasing AZ tokens to create the initial
liquidity for an instrument added under the DEX platform’s AZ/Mirror smart contract.
In this way, token listing on Azbit’s multi-currency exchange will be free of charge, other than for
the cost of purchasing an arbitrary number of AZ tokens.
Non-ERC-20-compatible cryptocurrency assets will be listed based on user voting.
Investment platform
The attractiveness and dangers of cryptocurrency investment
In 2017, for the first time in a long time, the general public took an interest in the cryptocurrency
market. This was hardly surprising: in early 2018, the value of the market surpassed $750 bn. This
growth was largely fueled by the persistent rise in the value of Bitcoin against fiat currencies.
Buying Bitcoin was seen as a sensible move and a profitable investment. Few could resist the
temptation to put their money into this growing market. Many previously conservatively-minded
people who had never done any stock trading were unable to resist buying cryptocurrency.
Indeed, the bull market meant that anyone could feel like an investor and see the value of their
15




holdings rise significantly. People tend to gloss over the fact that most novice investors reduced
their potential profit through their unsuccessful efforts at trading, but still managed to gain on
their investment thanks to Bitcoin’s rise in value.
The graph below shows Bitcoin’s growth in 2017, and its subsequent fall.
Are such gains from a rising market the result of a genuine and deliberate investment strategy?
Unfortunately not. In early 2018, the main cryptocurrencies lost more than half their value. As a
result, most people who had invested in them saw their assets lose value in the same proportions.
Such a ‘boom and bust’ pattern is a fundamental challenge in terms of investing in the cryptocurrency
market. The market has undoubtedly proved financially attractive even to people with little interest
in stock trading and currency speculation. It is therefore important to understand how a trader’s
professional approach differs from the approach of a novice investor.
To an experienced trader, the cryptocurrency market’s main attraction is its volatility. This is what
traders gain from. Spending all their working time trading, traders are always on top of current
information and trends. This increases their chances of distinguishing genuine indicators of market
movements from false ones.
Experienced trader                                                                                      Novice trader
Gains from market volatility                                                                            Gains from market growth
Spends their working time trading                                                                       Spends their spare time trading
Receives income on a regular basis                                                                      Receives income intermittently
Follows a trading strategy, using both                                                                  Takes a short-term approach; trades based
technical and fundamental analysis.                                                                     on emotion; is susceptible to market rumors
and manipulation
16




Whereas in the past traders could be successful knowing and working with 10-20 instruments/
cryptocurrencies, they now have to master and monitor at least 100 to achieve stable and regular
gains. Even when the market overall is falling, there are always instruments among the top 100
showing growth of 10-30%. Experienced traders know this and can profit from it.
Inexperienced investors are continually hearing how someone who invested in Bitcoin in  2016
would have seen the value of their investment increase 50-fold. While this may sound tempting, it is
important to understand that in reality this is the result of a fortunate combination of circumstances.
Only a few individuals have managed to take full advantage of the developments; hardly anyone
expected such a turn of events. Consequently, many inexperienced investors have been attracted
to the market, but have found it in a bear phase, losing huge amounts as a result. This is further
evidence that novices tend to make decisions based on the current situation, following which they
fail to take action to minimize their losses. This contrasts with the tactics of experienced traders,
who usually base their investment decisions on a set of rules.
The cryptocurrency market has yet to develop decent services that might help novice investors
to understand the nuances of stock trading, offering investment analysis tools and minimizing the
risks, while also helping experienced traders to realize their potential and raise investment.
Investors’ lack of knowledge and information
Most people think of investing in the cryptocurrency market as a questionable or dubious move.
Conservative investors, even after seeing the high returns offered by the market, remain wary.
The main reason for this is lack of information, and, consequently, uncertainty over whether to
invest. Many investors do not fully understand blockchain technology. Its complexity puts old-
school investors off.
In a survey by Blockport, 70-80% of respondents who did not own any cryptocurrency agreed
with the statements13
«I would like to invest in Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies, but I do
“                                                                                                         not know enough»
or
«I do not want  to invest in Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies, because I
“
do not know enough»
13. https://medium.com/blockport/blockports-social-trading-features-b4fdb646dd43
17




This indicates that the main reason stopping people is lack of information. People do not understand
the investment process and the principles of stock trading. Trading terminals are too complicated
for new users.
Risks associated with cryptocurrency funds
One predictable development in the market has been the increase in the number of crypto funds.
These seek to raise money from investors, for whom they offer fund management services. In most
countries, their activities are unregulated, providing ample opportunity for fraud.14
Many crypto funds resemble a Ponzi scheme. In such a scheme, potential investors are promised
extraordinary rates of return and are shown tempting figures. However, they have no way of
assessing whether they are realistic. The main motivation for continuing to invest comes from the
initial payouts, which are taken from the funds provided by newly attracted investors. Many funds
are effectively nothing more than pyramid schemes, with no legal framework for their operations.
Our service uses algorithms of analysis and artificial intelligence to track investment account
activities, and in the event of anything suspicious can block deposits and withdrawals to prevent
fraud until the circumstances have been explained. Among other things, this will make it possible
to prevent even complex schemes from being used to siphon off money through illiquid assets.
In providing an investment platform as part of our ecosystem, we are aiming to make interactions
transparent and understandable to investors and to ensure an adequate level of security for all
participants in the platform. Access to detailed reports and investment account records will help
users to forecast risks and manage investments more accurately.
Challenges faced by managing traders
Successful traders managing investment assets also face challenges. Even the best of them are
often unable to obtain additional funds to increase the volume of their transactions and their
returns. The ways in which an independent trader can raise funds are limited. To do so on a large
scale requires an investment fund or the help of an investment platform. Setting up one’s own fund
requires substantial resources, first for advertising and marketing, and then to meet the technical
requirements  and  ensure  the  necessary  security.  Furthermore,  anyone  entering  the  market
independently inevitably faces challenges in terms of building a positive reputation and trust.
The lack of simple and understandable tools to raise investment is hampering good traders.
Solution
Benefits of the investment platform for investors
One of the main goals of our investment platform is to help investors to manage their assets
competently. It aims to meet the needs and requests of investors, whatever their level of experience
and capital.
In providing extensive information on the traders using the platform, we also monitor their activities
14. https://news.bitcoin.com/9-million-day-lost-cryptocurrency-scams/
18




and block potential fraud schemes. This allows investors to be more confident when choosing
investment targets, and to reduce their risks.
Benefits of the investment platform for traders
Even without raising additional funds, traders can trade on our cryptocurrency exchange using
their own deposit, using our platform’s extensive features.
The most successful traders can provide access to their trading records and raise investment. No
additional investment from them is required for this: traders concentrate on trading, while the
information on their successes on the platform brings them additional resources from investors.
Benefits for affiliates and thought leaders
Our platform offers a wide range of functions supporting different levels of partnership.
Popular online resources or successful media personalities («thought leaders») can monetize their
client base. Through our platform, they can find successful traders whom they can trust, and can
offer their subscribers favorable investment opportunities. In addition, they receive commission
from the funds raised.
Thought leaders can work with traders to create portfolios, or traders can manage a thought
leader’s portfolio. Meanwhile, funds can attract investors and invest in a trader’s portfolio.
The cryptocurrency exchange’s affiliates will be able to receive up to 50% of the amount of the
commission on each transaction by a client they have referred.
Our pro-active marketing policy will ensure constant traffic for the site. This will help to attract
new clients, both for the exchange and for the traders’ portfolios represented on the investment
platform.
19




Functionality
Banking
The basic objective of our banking service is to provide access to the traditional financial services
of other cryptocurrency market participants to blockchain start-ups and established businesses,
private individuals and crypto enthusiasts, as well as to support all the Azbit ecosystem’s services
and reduce internal operating expenses and risks, thereby helping to increase profit.
This will be achieved through the following features:
▲   Account opening and servicing
- Account services and payments (SWIFT, SEPA)
- Payments and accounts in national currencies
- Fiat payment services
- Fiat deposits for Azbit services
- Custodial accounts
▲   Segregated accounts
▲   Market-rate currency exchange
▲   Payment cards
- Issuing and processing debit cards / Contactless payments
▲   Cryptocurrency portfolio-backed P2P lending
▲   B2B services (white label, API)
▲   Brokerage (forex, stocks)
In using banking services in our crypto projects, we have built up a wealth of experience of dealing
with issues and working with banking systems in Switzerland, the Czech Republic, Poland, Slovenia,
Luxembourg, Bulgaria, and other countries.
We know how complicated blockchain projects are, and we understand the concerns and risks for
banks. As a result, we will be able to offer a high-quality solution that answers the requirements
of both sides.
Our solution aims to meet the pressing needs of other blockchain projects and private individuals
for traditional banking services, while fully complying with banking legislation.
Naturally, this requires obtaining appropriate licenses. We have already taken the first step in this
20




direction: at the start of 2017, we obtained Payment Institution license No. 05259894 in the Czech
Republic.
We also plan to obtain a banking license. This will allow us to lift our restrictions on payment
amounts, and to expand our range of services.
Account services and payments (SWIFT, SEPA)
A basic requirement of any project working with fiat currencies is payment processing. Our choice
of a sophisticated regulator will allow us to organize this process as effectively as possible. Our
own experience and understanding of internal processes will help us to build relationships with
clients, whom we will be able to advise and help to avoid potential risks.
In order to provide a full-scale banking service, connection to the SWIFT and SEPA networks will
be arranged. At the approval stage, the service will be supported by our correspondent banks,
with whom we have preliminary agreements. In the event of unforeseen complications, we will be
able to ask our partner banks to implement this functionality.
Payments and accounts in national currencies
With our clients’ needs in mind, our banking service will work with national banks and correspondent
banks to integrate national currencies into the project’s operations. This will allow the platform to
work with new single-currency regions.
Fiat payment services
Our banking service will handle fiat payments on Azbit’s multi-currency exchange, as well as fiat
deposits and withdrawals. Initially, we will work with the euro. Later, we will introduce support for
the national currencies most popular with our clients. Having a single ecosystem will mean faster
and less expensive KYC procedures, and will also make it cheaper to deposit and withdraw fiat
currencies in these services.
Third-party cryptocurrency projects will be able to use this service to access traditional financial
services and markets.
Custodial accounts
Our banking service will offer custody services for clients’ fiat funds, including funds raised through
the investment platform. This will ensure sufficient liquidity for the ecosystem.
As the service will not independently offer credit products, and therefore will not speculate with
client assets, it will have a Loan-To-Deposit Ratio of 100%. As a result, the system will be solvent
at all times.
The lack of lending will also help to significantly reduce registration costs.
Segregated accounts
Segregated accounts are often used in trading on traditional financial markets to provide additional
21




protection for client investments.
In Azbit’s case, this approach will allow our clients to engage in cryptocurrency trading with the
involvement of fiat funds without having to transfer assets from banking system accounts to
accounts on the multi-currency exchange. As they will still be part of the banking system, the fiat
funds will always be legally protected and insured by relevant national deposit insurance agencies.
Client  account  management  is  officially  documented  by  bank  statements,  allowing  every
transaction to be tracked.
Instant Exchange
Having  our  own  cryptocurrency  exchange  and  banking  service  will  allow  us  to  offer  instant
exchange between cryptocurrencies and between cryptocurrencies and fiat currencies ‘on the fly’
at market rates.
Issuing and processing debit cards. Contactless payments
The widespread use and acceptance of cryptocurrencies would not be possible if they were not
integrated into payment card systems and their implementation. We have been working in this
area since spring 2017, when we signed a contract with WaveCrest. As a result, we are fully aware
of the challenges involved.
Issuing cards through intermediaries is becoming too risky and unpredictable. Accordingly, our
banking system is working to obtain Visa/MasterСard Principal Member status with appropriate
networks so as to be able to issue payment cards.
We will offer business clients acceptance services for bank card payments and for online digital
payments for work and services. We expect a high level of interest in this service from blockchain
projects raising funds through ICOs.
Cryptocurrency portfolio-backed P2P lending
Now that the cryptocurrency market has shown that it can fall, an obvious new problem has
emerged: the sell-off of cryptocurrencies means that investors are missing out on the opportunity
to gain from growth in their crypto assets. Investors buying cryptocurrency are having to hold onto
it as they wait to be able to sell it at a higher rate.
This has given rise to a new target audience of users, who need fiat money, but do not want to
unload their cryptocurrency portfolio at a low exchange rate, although they are ready to use it as
collateral.
At the same time, there are also users willing and able to lend fiat money to those who need it.
To this end, we will offer a cryptocurrency portfolio-backed P2P lending platform.
22




P2P lending arrangements
Brokerage and blockchain integration
Traditional financial markets remain relevant. For fast and reliable access to the securities, futures
and forex markets, clients will have the opportunity to open brokerage accounts. We plan to support
DMA (Direct Market Access) trading platforms such as cTrader, MetaTrader 4 and MetaTrader 5 for
forex and futures, and Laser, Sterling, Das Trader and RealTick for stocks.
Having a banking license will enable us not only to guarantee and protect traders’ interests, but
also to demonstrate our bank compliance. Transactions will be carried out exclusively through the
ECN (Electronic Communication Network) on the interbank market.
Furthermore, all quotes will be automatically recorded in a blockchain network. This innovation will
make it possible to avoid a conflict of interests with traders, as it will always be possible to confirm
the status of a transaction in the event of a dispute.
Multi-currency exchange
At the core of Azbit’s ecosystem is our own cryptocurrency exchange. Our team already has
experience of creating such a service. Building on what we have achieved so far, we are aiming to
make this functionality as convenient and effective as possible.
On one hand, the exchange functionality is a self-contained service. On the other, its features will
be used in all the exchange and payment operations of the platform as a whole.
Features of the multi-currency exchange:
▲   A  hybrid  operating  structure:  full  integration  of  a  traditional  centralized  structure  and  a
decentralized exchange under a single platform
▲   A wide range of trading tools
The exchange’s operations will be supported by a number of subsidiaries with their own licenses in
various jurisdictions. Each module will be responsible for its own functionality and range of trading
instruments under a single platform. Users will be able to choose a level of verification, thereby
obtaining access to the services and tools they need.
23




Relevant exchange modules will support the following services:
▲   crypto-to-crypto trading
▲   crypto-to-fiat trading
▲   security token trading
▲   a decentralized trading (DEX) module
Crypto-to-crypto trading
This exchange module will support trading exclusively between cryptocurrency pairs. Its work will
be supported by a division of our company that is registered in Central America. This will simplify
the KYC process because of the simpler regulations there. Users will immediately have easy and
fast access to our cryptocurrency trading services.
Crypto-to-fiat trading
This module will be supported by our European division. Consequently, users will have to undergo
a more complicated KYC process, in accordance with EU rules.
As a result, our clients will be able to enjoy full access to trading in crypto-fiat pairs, and to arrange
deposits and withdrawals of fiat assets through bank accounts and in other convenient ways.
Security token trading
This module will be implemented through our American division, which will have an Alternative
Trading System (ATS) license. It will make it possible to trade in assets we regard as promising,
such as security tokens.
Users wanting access to its features will have to undergo an extensive KYC process, as the ATS’s
operations will be fully subject to the control of US regulators (the SEC).
A decentralized exchange
To ensure access to decentralized liquidity, we are also developing a DEX platform.
For the most popular cryptocurrencies on the market, liquidity is never an issue. For small-cap
instruments, however, it is a serious problem.
One way of solving this is to use a model whereby smart tokens are exchanged through Ethereum
contracts, as has worked well for Bancor.
We will make use of this successful solution at Azbit, and will combine decentralized and centralized
liquidity under a single platform.
The AZ/Mirror smart contract we have developed will hold two balances: one in AZ tokens, and
the other in any other ERC-20-compatible tokens (for clarity, we call the latter ‘Mirror tokens’).
24




When an arbitrary number of AZ tokens are sent to this contract, users will receive Mirror tokens in
exchange. The price of either of the two tokens will depend on their ratio under the smart contract.
For example:
A.) The smart contract contains 1000 AZ and 1000 Mirror tokens. The price of 1 AZ = 1 Mirror.
B.)   The smart contract contains 900 AZ and 1100 Mirror tokens. The price of 1 AZ = 1.222 Mirror.
C.)   The smart contract contains 800 AZ and 1500 Mirror tokens. The price of 1 AZ = 1.875 Mirror.
This example clearly shows that reducing the number of AZ tokens in a smart contract significantly
increases the price of an AZ token compared to a Mirror token. The reverse also applies. It should
be noted that such a smart contract is a closed system, within which it is not known what the fair
market value of a particular asset will be. It will be synchronized with the market through arbitrage
with respect to external liquidity.
The diagram below shows, on the left, the decentralized structure: users can directly exchange their
Ethereum-compatible assets for others through the AZ/Mirror system. On the right, the diagram
shows the centralized structure and a plan for working with the DEX: through the AZ/Mirror smart
contracts, the Azbit exchange will ensure continuous liquidity and that the Mirror tokens are added
to other blockchains via a centralized order book.
Mirror exchange (Ethereum blockchain)
B
ETH                                                                                                     MT1
MT5                                                                                                     MT2
MT3                                                                                                     MT3
ICOs and blockchain projects may be interested in creating their own AZ/Mirror smart contracts
at early stages of their token sale.
25




Establishing a liquidity threshold for a specific ERC-20-compatible instrument will require including
it along with the AZ tokens in an AZ/Mirror smart contract, having previously bought back an
arbitrary number of AZ tokens on the market. Creating such an AZ/Mirror contract will not only
enable decentralized liquidity, but will also guarantee the listing on Azbit’s unified exchange.
With this solution, it can be assumed that the number of AZ tokens in free circulation will fall (as
a result of including them in the AZ/Mirror smart contracts), and their market value will probably
rise accordingly.
Liquidity aggregation
Ensuring sufficient trading liquidity is a necessity for an exchange to function successfully. Having
sufficient liquidity enables delay-free transactions at the desired price.
The funds raised, together with the contracts we already have with cryptocurrency exchanges, will
enable us to aggregate liquidity and ensure that it is sufficient for our clients’ operations.
The liquidity aggregation function will operate automatically, and will be transparent to clients.
Margin trading
Our multi-currency exchange’s margin trading service will allow our clients to use operational
lending in their transactions. Traders with a limited deposit will be able to use leveraging to increase
the profitability of their operations severalfold (a leverage ratio of up to 1 to 5 will be available).
In  addition,  the  margin  trading  service  will  be  used  extensively  in  the  investment  platform’s
operations.
Algorithmic trading and the Algo market
Algorithmic trading will allow users to write trading bots using a built-in scripting language. This will
enable automation of trading strategies of almost any level of complexity. Users will independently
be able to create programs to perform autonomous trading on the exchange using a set algorithm.
In future, the bots will support a significant volume of trading operations.
A framework for creating and using the bots will be fully available for use on Azbit’s multi-currency
exchange. Detailed instructions, with examples, as well as a forum for users to hold discussions and
obtain technical support will make it easy to start working with the service.
We will also offer an algo market  — a special online marketplace for trading bots, scripts and
market indicators.
Users will be able to buy and sell off-the-shelf trading bots. Developers will be able to earn money
from creating algorithms, while investors will be able to receive a constant passive income by
purchasing algorithms already developed. Users will be able to browse the products for sale easily
with the help of a rating system and comments from other users.
26




Investment platform
Our  investment  platform  is  one  of  our  project’s  key  features.  Successful  traders,  working
independently or in cooperation with funds, will be able to set up investment accounts and raise
funding. Investors, in turn, will be able to analyses the activity and profitability of these accounts
and thereby make investment decisions with more confidence.
The investment platform will also be offered as a B2B service to third-party blockchain projects.
The functionality will be fully available for licensing, including the pool of traders, with the interface
system for users and investors, and access to liquidity.
CopyTrade accounts
CopyTrade accounts represent an investment product for copying the transaction strategies of
leading traders.
Investment under the strategy follows the pattern below:
1.                                                                                                           The investor is given access to records of the performance of the investment accounts of
leading traders, and can analyses the success rate of their strategies. The investor then chooses
one of these accounts to copy.
2.  A special new Copy-account is set up, for copying the trader’s transactions. The investor
transfers funds to this account using the account’s basic currency.
3.  The chosen strategies are automatically copied to the investor’s accounts, however much they
have invested. Copying does not start unless all the current transactions under the chosen
account have been closed. If they have not been, copying starts immediately after they have,
or when there is a rollover.
A rollover occurs once a week, when all transactions are automatically closed.
4.  For full and instant withdrawal of funds, the investment may be ended at any time. In this case,
the funds are withdrawn at the current exchange rate for the positions held. Funds invested
may be partially withdrawn only by prior request during a rollover. The funds are transferred to
the investor’s account instantly.
Advantages:
▲   No one other than the investor can withdraw or transfer funds from the account. The investor
has complete control of all trading activity.
▲   The investor always receives the rate of return shown in the statistics for the strategy.
▲   Investors can arrange to withdraw from the strategy automatically when a critical loss threshold
is reached (risk management).
▲   The fee for using the strategy is payable only if the account’s earnings record is positive.
▲   If one investor pulls out, this does not affect the others’ results.
27




How CopyTrade works
CopyTrade
Trader                                                                                                Azbit
                                                                                                                                           account
                                                                                                      wallet         Funds
                                                                                                                                                               Buy and Sell
                                                                                                                     allocation
                                                                                                      Deposit                                                  Orders
                                                                                                      3              4
6
Exchange
Platform
Start                                                                                                 45%
following
5                                                                                                     9
Investor
Funds
                                                                                                                     7                     Copy buy and sell
                                                                                                      allocation
Deposit                                                                                                              orders of trader
                                                                                                      2
1
8
Close                                                                                                 50% of Azbit
Azbit
account                                                                                                              commission
wallet
10                                                                                                    11             12
                                                                                                      10%
Return funds
Investment                                                                                            Azbit          Agent
account                                                                                               commission     who refers Investor
to Azbit platform
ShareTrade accounts
ShareTrade accounts use margin trading with or without leveraging. The maximum leverage ratio
is 1 to 5.
Margin trading makes it possible to enter and exit trading positions quickly. This is especially
convenient for intraday and short-term trading. Typically, this instrument is suitable for traders
who base their trading strategy on technical analysis.
Withdrawals are possible only on demand from the investor, at intervals set in advance. This allows
the trader to implement broader strategies, and to be confident of having sufficient resources
available.
PAMM accounts, which have similar features, have long been used in the forex market, and, while
not popular with everyone, remain in demand as a trading tool. Until now, no crypto exchange has
offered native (built-in) implementation of them.
Trading with ShareTrade accounts is a unique feature of our platform.
28




How ShareTrade works
                                                                                                                                                ShareTrade               Azbit
Trader                                                                                                           Azbit      Personal capital
                                                                                                                                                account                  commission     Agent
                                                                                                                 wallet     allocation                       10%         50% of Azbit
Deposit                                                                                                                                                                  commission
4
12                                                                                                               13
3
11
who refers
Investor
9                                                                                                                6          to Azbit platform
                                                                                                                                                             Investing
                                                                                                                                                             of funds
                                                                                                                                                             5           10
Investor                                                                                                                    Azbit
                                                                                                                            wallet
                                                                                                                                                Funds
                                                                                                                 Deposit
                                                                                                                                                allocation
                                                                                                                 1
2
Exchange
Close
position                                                                                                         Platform
8
7
Open
position
Investment
account
Margin Trading
Platform
Portfolio Management accounts
Apart from CopyTrade and ShareTrade accounts, our platform will also offer a portfolio investment
management facility. A cryptocurrency portfolio is a very simple way for traders and investors to
work together.
Our Portfolio Management feature allows investors to withdraw their funds instantly at any time
without having to seek the trader’s agreement. This makes any type of account more attractive to
investors, but also restricts the trader to a stable resource. This, in turn, influences the strategy the
latter may use in trading.
A portfolio account offers two withdrawal options:
1. In the portfolio’s basic currency. In this case, the investor’s share in the portfolio is converted
through the exchange into the basic currency and returned to the investor’s personal account.
2.  Using  all  the  currencies  in  the  portfolio  (separation).  In  this  case,  the  funds  are  returned
unconverted in the currencies in the portfolio. Each currency is returned in accordance with the
investor’s share.
29




How Portfolio Management works
Portfolio
Trader                           Azbit
                                                                                                                                            account
                                 wallet                                                                       Funds
                                                                                                              allocation
Deposit
Management
3                                4                                                                            5
7
Personal
Exchange
capital
allocation                       Platform
8
Portfolio
45%                              Buy/Sell
10
Investor                                                                                                                                                                       Rebalance
                                                                                                              Separate
                                 Deposit                                                                      11b
                                                                                                              Portfolio
                                 1
                                                                                                              2                             6                     9   Return
funds
Funds                            50% of Azbit
Azbit
                                 allocation                                                                                                 commission
wallet
                                                                                                              12                            13
                                 11a
                                 Return funds                                                                 10%
                                 Investment                                                                   Azbit                         Agent
                                 account                                                                      commission                    who refers Investor
                                                                                                                                            to Azbit platform
                                 The table below shows the main differences between the investment options:
                                                                                                                                            Portfolio
CopyTrade                        ShareTrade
                                                                                                                                            Management
▲   Use of margin trading        ▲   Use of margin trading                                                    ▲   Use of spot trading
without leveraging               with leveraging
                                                                                                              ▲   No margin trading
▲   Short trading                ▲   Short trading
Instant withdrawal at any        Withdrawal as per a                                                          Instant withdrawal at any
time or during a rollover        schedule or on request For                                                   time
the trader, this means:
▲   Safer for the investor                                                                                    ▲   Safer for the investor
                                 ▲   Confidence in the size
▲   The trader has no                                                                                         ▲   The trader has control
                                 of the portfolio
control over the volume                                                                                       over the volume of the
of the resource                  ▲   A high level of resource                                                 resource
control
▲   A high expected volume
▲   A wide choice of             of investment
strategies
                                 A model easier to under-
A high level of asset control
Higher expected returns          stand and safer for the
for the investor
                                 in-vestor
More suitable for                More suitable for trading                                                    More suitable for trading
inexperienced investors          with technical analysis                                                      with fundamental analysis
More suitable for short-         More suitable for short-                                                     More suitable for long-term
term investments                 term investments                                                             investments
30




Investment account features
Funds are always deposited in the basic currency, which is established when the account is opened.
An investor’s share of the overall account (for ShareTrade and Portfolio Management accounts) is
calculated using a share-based system, enabling the amount of invested funds belonging to each
participant at any point in time to be accurately determined.
There is a limit on the proportion of a portfolio that may be taken up by a single instrument
or currency. The extent to which a trader is permitted to use an instrument depends on the
instrument’s current capitalization rating and level of trust. This makes it possible to prevent
fraudulent withdrawals.
The Azbit.ID secure identification system
The Azbit.ID system will offer the user fast and secure access to all Azbit’s services via a single
registration and authentication service. Other blockchain projects will be able to use Azbit.ID for
automation and to cut AML/KYC costs.
Third-party blockchain projects will be able to use the Azbit.ID infrastructure to automate and
reduce the costs of AML/KYC user identity verification procedures.
A two-factor authentication system will be used as a standard security system.
We will also launch a client for iOS and Android.
31




Technical details
Our solution constitutes an architecture of services. All the services are clustered, making it
possible to guarantee fault tolerance and the possibility of horizontal scaling in the event of heavy
use. The Core and Blockchain services use reliable dedicated servers at the world’s leading data
centers. The remaining services will be provided on Amazon AWS clusters, allowing our end user-
applications to work faster through DNS sharding, and computing power to be added quickly.
We fully appreciate the importance of response time to our users, so our services use the latest
programming languages and technologies. Our IT stack uses a Push API (WebSockets), Angular
(as a frontend solution) and Golang (for backend needs). In addition, a Rest API covering all the
client application functionality will be used in the integration.
The tech stack comprises the following components, ensuring that the system can handle heavy
use and can easily be horizontally scaled:
▲   Percona Cluster (main database)
▲   Redis Cluster (cache and temporary storage)
▲   ClickHouse (real-time analytics and order history)
▲   Rabbit (queue engine)
32




Azbit Technical Structure
BANKING
33




Our ICO campaign
We decided to use the ICO model for our project, because our expected investors are our potential
clients. It is they who will be able to assess the project’s profitability first. Any specialist working
with cryptocurrencies will understand our ideas and arguments. The above-mentioned limitations
and challenges involved in working with existing services are familiar to any expert in the field.
We are holding the ICO because we know that by involving a wide range of investors we will
be able to achieve much more impressive results, and will be able to implement all the planned
functions in full to the required standard.
Azbit tokens
As part of our ICO, we will issue Azbit (AZ) tokens.
AZ tokens may be used for the following purposes:
▲   Paying banking fees
▲   Paying exchange fees at a discounted rate
▲   Paying the investment platform’s fees at a discounted rate
▲   Paying for marketplace products
▲   Creating liquidity through the decentralized exchange module
In addition, token holders will take part in an airdrop of new tokens, which will subsequently be
included in the exchange listing.
The discount on the exchange fees will be as follows:
▲   75% in the first year
▲   50% in the second year
▲   25% in the third year
▲   10% in the fourth year
▲   After May 12, 2023, the discount will be fixed at 5%.
Azbit reserves the right to review the procedure for buying back and subsequently destroying a
certain number of issued AZ tokens.
34




Name of token                             Azbit
Symbol                                    AZ
Compatibility                             Ethereum (ERC-20)
Total number of tokens                    401 408 000 000
Tokens available for purchase             240 844 000 000
Token sale value                          1 AZ = $0.00012
Soft cap                                  $7 500 000
Hard cap                                  $28 901 376
Participation options                     EUR, ETH, BTC, BCH, LTC, DASH
Number and distribution of tokens
Total number                              100%
Available for purchase                    60%
Project team                              15%
Reserve fund                              12.5%
Advisors                                  7.5%
Affiliate program participants (bounty)   3%
Airdrop                                   2%
35




                                                                                                      Bounty
AirDrop
2%                                                                                                    3%
Public sale
7.5%
Fund
12.5%                                                                                                 Fund
Public sale
Team
60%
Team
15%
The tokens issued to the project’s founders and team will be frozen (a lock-up period) for 2 years
from the end of the ICO, and will be issued as per the following timetable:
▲   September 30, 2019: 25% of the tokens
▲   March 31, 2020: 25% of the tokens
▲   September 30, 2020: 25% of the tokens
▲   March 31, 2021: 25% of the tokens
If before the end of the freezing period the token’s value increases by more than 100% and remains
so for at least a month, a percentage of the tokens will be unfrozen: 25%, 50%, 75% or 100% for
increases of up to 200%, 300% and 400% and more than 400% respectively.
The conditions for freezing and unfreezing the tokens will be set out in the smart contract.
The tokens issued to the project’s angel investors and advisors will be frozen for 2 years.
The tokens issued to the reserve fund will be frozen for 5 years from the end of the ICO. If before
the end of the freezing period the token’s value increases by more than 200% and remains so for
at least a month, a percentage of the tokens will be unfrozen: 25%, 50%, 75% or 100% for increases
of up to 300%, 400% and 500% and more than 600% respectively.
If the soft cap is not reached, we will undertake to return the funds.
36




Azbit tokenized shares
Our AZ tokens are backed by shares in Azbit AG, a company registered in Switzerland. We are
issuing tokenized shares because we fully understand the needs of today’s market: security tokens
and tokenized shares are becoming increasingly popular.
Azbit has issued 2,000,000 shares with a par value of 200,704 AZ tokens each. In this way, AZ
token holders will automatically become shareholders.
In future, AZ token holders will receive 75% of the project’s net profit. We plan to pay the dividends
on a monthly basis via airdrop.
Financial reporting transparency will be ensured by a Swiss audit, which Azbit will undergo every
three months. Investors will be able to see the audit results on our website, azbit.com, where all the
necessary documents will be publicly available.
Budget and spending
All the ICO proceeds will be allocated as follows:
20% to marketing, raising awareness of the project, advertising, token promotion and listing;
25% to supporting liquidity;
20% to developing the platform;
15% to nominal capital and security deposits as per regulatory requirements;
15% to contingencies;
5% to legal expenses and consultancy, audit and licensing costs.
Legal
5%
Reserve
Marketing
Reserve                                                                                                  Marketing
15%
                                                                                                         20%
Contingencies
15%
                                                                                                         Liquidity
Developing                                                                                               Developing   Liquidity
                                                                                                                      25%
20%
37




ICO phases
The ICO will have three phases.
Implementation
                                                                                                       Private sale         Pre-ICO             ICO
phases
Start                                                                                                  September 01, 2018   October 01, 2018    December 01, 2018
End                                                                                                    September 30, 2018   November 30, 2018   March 31, 2019
Token purchase
Up to 30%                                                                                              10-20%               0-7%
bonus
AZ tokens that have not been not distributed after all the phases will be automatically destroyed.
No minimum purchase amount has been set.
The maximum purchase amount per investor will be published immediately before the relevant
phase on Azbit’s website, and may change during the event.
AZ tokens will be issued automatically and instantly during participation in the crowdsale campaign.
Who can buy AZ tokens?
AZ tokens (and, therefore, tokenized shares) can be purchased by citizens of 239 states, including
accredited investors from the U.S.
Unfortunately, Azbit services are not available for citizens of the following countries:
•   Canada
•   Singapore
•   Burma
•   Côte d’Ivoire
•   Cuba
•   Congo
•   Iran
•   Iraq
•   Liberia
•   North Korea
•   Sudan
•   Syria
•   Zimbabwe
38




Charity
On a regular basis (every 3 months), 2.5% of the revenue of the entire Azbit ecosystem will be
donated to charitable and social causes.
The funds will be collected and allocated in public using blockchain technology under the Azbit
Foundation, a not-for-profit entity. This will ensure transparency in terms of how much is donated
and where the funding goes.
Priority will be given to funding treatment and operations for sick children, and to projects to
improve basic and clinical medical services. The projects to be supported will be chosen by users
of our platform through online voting.
39




Roadmap
Q1 2017                                                                   Payment Institution (SPI) license obtained in Europe (Czech Republic).
Launch of the ICO campaign website, Azbit.com. Publication of the final
Q2 2018                                                                   edition of the Whitepaper. Azbit announcement at Consensus 2018 in
New York.
Q3 2018                                                                   Private Sale campaign (September 1, 2018 - September 30, 2018).
                                                                          Pre-ICO campaign (October 1, 2018 - November 30, 2018). Portfolio
Q4 2018
                                                                          management module demo launch.
Q4 2018                                                                   Main phase of the ICO campaign (December 1, 2018 - March 31, 2019).
                                                                          Token listing on major exchanges. Launch of the Azbit cryptocurrency
Q1 2019
multi-exchange.
Q1 2019                                                                   Azbit.ID secure identification platform launch.
Q2 2019                                                                   Traditional markets (e.g. Forex, Stocks) access launch.
                                                                          Decentralized exchange module. AZ/ Mirror smart contract service
Q2 2019
announcement.
Q3 2019                                                                   Start of margin trading on the Azbit exchange.
                                                                          Announcement of the launch of the investment platform. ShareTrade,
Q3 2019
                                                                          CopyTrade and Portfolio Management accounts will now be fully available.
Q4 2019                                                                   Azbit White Label platform announcement for affiliates and partners.
Q4 2019                                                                   Algorithmic trading and algo market support announcement.
Launch of the Alternative Trading System module for Security Tokens
Q1 2020
support.
Launch of the European banking structure. Start of fiat payment
Q4 2020
processing services for blockchain businesses and individuals.
40




Advisors
Roger Ver
Founder & CEO Bitcoin.com
Professional Background:
1999  -  2012  -  CEO  of  the  Memory  Dealers.  Memory  Dealers  offers  the  largest
selection of discounted and custom transceivers and hardware for PC.
2012  -  Founding  Member  &  Board  Advisor  of  the  Bitcoin  Foundation.  Bitcoin
Foundation standardizes, protects and promotes the use of Bitcoin cryptographic
money for the benefit of users worldwide.
2014  -  Chief of Business Development of the Blockchain.info. Blockchain.info is
the most popular Bitcoin related website in the world, in terms of both traffic, and
number of users.
2016 - CEO of Bitcoin.com. Bitcoin.com is the premier source for everything Bitcoin
related. Bitcoin.com has been focused on promoting and supporting the bitcoin
community worldwide. From providing regular and high quality news publications,
a thriving and active forum community and the largest data repository of bitcoin
related topics available, bitcoin.com has led the way amongst its peers in supporting
bitcoin, and its potential.
Since  2011 Roger Ver took part in such blockchain and сryptocurrency projects
as a bitcoin evangelist and angel investor: Bitpay, Ripple, Blockchain.info, Kraken,
Shapeshift, Coinsetter, Safello, Hivewallet, Coinapult and many more.
Personal Information:
Roger Ver is most well known for his work promoting Bitcoin. For this he even
received  the  nickname  \»Bitcoin-Jesus\».  In  2011,  his  company,  Memorydealers.
com, became the first mainstream company to start accepting Bitcoin as payment.
He then went on to create Bitcoinstore.com, the first website in the world to accept
Bitcoin as payment for hundreds of thousands of items, and was the impetus for the
future wave of merchant adoption.
He also became the first person in the entire world to start investing in Bitcoin
startups. Nearly single-handedly, he funded the seed rounds for the entire first
generation of Bitcoin businesses. In 2018 he was ranked number 36 in Fortune’s The
Ledger 40 under 40 for transforming business at the leading edge of finance and
technology.
41




Mate Tokay
COO Bitcoin.com
Education:
2012 - University of Buckingham, International Business School Budapest - Bachelor’s
degree in International Business Relations
Professional Background:
2013 - 2015 - CEO of Bitcoinist, the prime source for the latest information about
Bitcoin, digital currency and blockchain technology.
2015 - COO of Bitcoin.com, the premier source for everything Bitcoin related.
Personal Information:
Currently, together with Roger Ver, Mate Tokay manages the top source in the world
of Bitcoin - Bitcoin.com. He is also a Co-Founder of one of the leading Bitcoin news
and review website called Bitcoinist. Moreover, Mate is a former wakeboard world
champion. Being a COO, Mate focuses on a larger vision and communicating that
vision to others while staying on top of the major trends in the industry. His goal and
passion is to make cryptocurrencies as popular as possible
Giovanni Lesna Maranetto
CCO Blocktrade.com
Education:
2013 - The University of Western Australia - Bachelor of Economics (BEc)
2015 - South African Institute of Financial Markets (SAIFM) - Registered Persons
Exams (RPE), Financial Markets
2016 - University of South Africa - Bachelor of Commerce (BCom) Hons
Professional Background:
2017 - 2018 - Chief Commercial Officer of the Hedge (Slovenia), a platform for hedge
instruments for Crypto markets.
2017  - Chief commercial officer of the Blocktrade.com  (Liechtenstein), a trading
facility under the MiFID II regulatory framework, approved by ESMA.
Present - Strategic advisor in in such blockchain- and crypto-projects as Adbank.
network  (Canada),  ENKIDU  (India),  FRESCO  (Switzerland),  Aworker  (Estonia),
SOFIN (Russian Federation), Yookye (Italy), Blockchain Reactor (Ireland), Gamedex
(Thailand), IMMO.FOUNDATION (Czech Republic), CHERR.IO (Slovenia).
Personal Information:
Giovanni is a blockchain strategist, entrepreneur, speaker and ICO specialist. His
background is in traditional finance, international business and trading systems.
He spent his years in mutual fund sales before moving to implement tactical and
strategic solutions for financial institutions. He gained exposure to crypto through
trading and seeing the potential of blockchain technology.
Giovanni is an evangelist for blockchain technology and its value adding use-cases
and sees the next wave of disruptive mass adoption technology emerging from the
blockchain start-up scene. He is a top 30 ICOBench Advisor and brings a fresh yet
critical perspective to the team.
42




Stefan Bergström
Business Strategic Advisor
Education:
Economics, Marketing, Communication, Business Development, Hotel Management
Professional Background:
2005 - strategic management expert and advisor
2011 - owner and manager of 6 hotels
2017 - founder and chairman of the board of Moonwhale
2018 - strategist and business consultant at a number of international companies and
successful blockchain projects, including CoinAnalyst, MapCoin, Aimedis, Ufity SA,
Sidera Blockchain Technologies, NOBAR, Netscouters International, TokenMatch,
Morpheus.Network.
Personal Information:
Experienced blockchain advisor, private angel investor, serial entrepreneur based
in Sweden. Invested in  18+ tech start-ups mainly focusing on Privacy by design
principles, GDPR - General Data Protection Regulation - and compliance.
Extensive  experience  from  the  Travel  Industry.  Owned  and  operated  6  hotels.
Involved  in  several  Token  Sales  in  Fintech,  AI,  Augmented-  and  Mixed  Reality.
Attending  frequently  global  Crypto  events  growing  extensive  network.  Focus
primarily on the business- marketing aspects as well as raising funds.
Mickey Choi
CEO and founder at Mickey Global Business
Professional Background:
2007 - Vice President at DaMunhwa English Training center corp.
2012 - Stock Analyst at Stock Leading
2017 - CEO and founder at Mickey Global Business
2018 - CEO at RIV. Advisor at Ubex AI, Ponder, OSA Decentralized (OSA DC)
Personal Information:
Mickey Choi is a prominent representative of the Korean private investor community.
He has 11 years of financial experience. He has been presenting his experience as
a small shareholder in various business fields since 2007. Today Mickey Choi is a
prominent business angel and an early investor in ICO and STO. He is an experienced
market  and  financial  analyst  and  also  a  successful  manager.  Mickey  Choi  is  a
recognized consultant and expert both in practical use of business technologies
in blockchain and in practical use of blockchain technologies in business. He was
involved  in  a  number  of  successful  Fintech  start-ups  and  he  participated  as  a
business development and blockchain advisor.
Max Seluk
CEO at KMA.biz
Professional Background:
2013: CEO of KMA.biz, one of the biggest partner networks in the field of banking,
finance, retail and e-commerce.
Personal Information:
10 years in internet marketing, brand-building, PR, investing and
developing complex internet projects.
Plays an active role in developing projects linked to the cryptocurrency
market.
43




Elena Certa
Bank J. Safra Sarasin
Education:
Elena studied Economics at the European University of Viadrina, Frankfurt (Oder),
Germany, and at Monash University, Australia.
She holds an ACI Diploma and a UBS Wealth Management Technical Skills Certificate.
Professional Background:
Started her career in 2002 in the Structured Trade Finance Business division at
Commerzbank AG, Frankfurt (Main).
Three years later, Elena joined Commerzbank’s foreign exchange team, trading FX
and interest rates with Eastern European financial institutions.
In 2006, Elena joined UBS Investment Bank as a sales trader in charge of foreign
exchange business with banks and asset managers based in Russia, Poland,
Hungary, and Israel.
She is currently Director, FSA Direct Access Clients at Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd.
Personal Information:
Elena has over 11 years of experience in trading in capital markets focusing on FX,
commodities and interest rates from plain vanilla to structured products, and from
hedging solutions to opportunistic trading ideas.
Pavel Kalashnikau
CEO FxCash
Professional Background:
Co-Founder and Director of FxCash, one of the leading forex cashback services.
From 2006 through 2010 worked as a leading developer at MTS, the biggest
telecommunications company in Eastern Europe
44




Our team
Our team comprises entrepreneurs, programmers, IT specialists and crypto enthusiasts. All of us
have practical experience of implementing successful commercial projects of varying degrees of
complexity.
Max Zmitrovich
Chief Executive Officer, Co-Founder
Education:
1996 - Master Degree equivalent in Law.
1996 - Major in International Trade Law
2001 - Preston College, Preston, Lancashire - YMCA Level 3 (highest)
Professional Background:
2002 - UK and Western Europe Business Development Manager / Thermowood Ltd,
Moscow, Russia (UK Office)
2005 - Senior Negotiator, Branch Lister (valuer) / Connells Estate Agents, Dudley
Branch
2010 - Sales Manager / European Electrical Laminations Limited, Netherton, England
2013 - Commercial Director / Veles Limited, Oxford, England
Personal Information:
Maksim Zmitrovich is a highly skilled marketing senior executive with a successful
background  and  proven  track  record  in  International  and  Domestic  business
development.  His  latest  projects  include  participation  and  directing  business
development of projects around the world, to include cryptocurrency exchange,
International trading companies Veles Limited, Poliphone SIA, largest UK estate
agency Connells, manufacturing company EELL, Rivera.
Prof. Alex Siow
Enterprise Risk Manager
Education:
Professor of the National University of Singapore
Strategic Planning and Risk Management
Construction and IT Project Management
Professional Background:
1980                                                                                              -  Senior  Structural  Engineer,  Chief  Information  Officer  at  Housing  &
Development Board
1996 - President at Information Technology Management Association (ITMA)
2000 - President at Project Management Institute Singapore Chapter
2005 - Senior Vice President at StarHub
2014 - Consultant for Enterprise Risk Management, Strategic Planning and Business
2015 - Director at Strategic Technology Management Institute, Business Advisory
Consultant, Business Development Consultant
2016 - Director at Centre for Health Informatics
2018 - Market Research and Development Consultant, ICO Adviser
Personal information:
Alex has a fundamental 38-year experience in the sphere of Strategic Planning and
IT. He was at the forefront of the IT sphere development and thanks to almost 4
decades of successful work in leading corporations he has become a living legend of
the Asian business community. Alex was honoured to be appointed as the Secretary
General of the South East Asian Computer Confederation. Today he is a Professor
(Practice) in the National University of Singapore.
45




Lam Riki Pham
Head of Strategic Planning
Education
Business and Commerce
Professional Background:
2011- Executive Officer at Pham & Associates
2014 - Government Officer for Strategy planning at the State Bank of Vietnam
2017 - Decentralized Team Leader
Personal information:
Lam is a highly experienced leader in financial industry with over 10 years’ experience
specializing  in  start-ups,  maximizing  sales  growth  and  distribution  expansion.
Moreover, he partners with various turnkey agencies and investors in many blockchain
projects. Lam graduated with a Masters degree from Leeds University (UK). He has
been working with the State Bank of Vietnam as a Government Officer for Strategy
planning  for  the  banking  industry.  This  gave  him  the  experience  necessary  to
understand the bigger picture of Macroeconomics.
Andy Yeo
Blockchain Lawyer, AML-specialist
Education:
Business Law
Securities and Banking Regulatory Compliance
Financial Services Risk Management
Professional Background:
2018 - Partner at Eldan Law LLP
2000 - Partner at Allen & Gledhill
1998 - Deputy Public Prosecutor
1997 - Magistrate
Personal information:
For more than 20 years, he has specialised in financial investigations and is a top
expert in the area of securities and banking regulatory compliance. He has a wide
experience in consulting in the sphere of international law, anti-corruption                (FCPA
& UKBA), corporate governance, risk management. An authoritative analytical
portal, Global Investigations Review, featured him as one of the leading AML
experts. He works with a wide range of premium clients, including international
financial institutions, sovereign wealth funds and listed companies. Andy’s long-
term experience and professionalism have been fully realized in the sphere of
cryptocurrencies and blockchain. At the current moment, he is a recognized
advisor in the issues of fintech regulation and cryptocurrency
Michael Yermolitski
Co-Founder
Education:
Bachelor Degree in Economics (2007)
Professional Background:
CEO of Latvia’s Poliphone, SIA, an electronics wholesaler
Holder of a $1.5 mln crypto portfolio
Personal Information:
Solid  experience  of  organizing  business  projects  in  both  the  financial  and  the
blockchain spheres. Head of a group of companies in the B2B and B2C sphere.
46




Andrew Rohau
Chief Technology Officer
Education:
Computing Machinery, Systems and Networks
Professional Background:
2003 -   Network design and implementation of computer networks based on CISCO
Systems technology
2005 - Strategic advisor relating to ICT at UNDP
2007 - Business analyst and technical solutions developer based on Sun Microsystems
and Oracle technologies at Open Technologies
2010 - Datacom Product Sales Manager at Huawei Technologies
2014 - IT Consultant at UNICEF and UNHCR
2016  -  System  Architect.  Head  of  Infrastructure  in  Fintech  projects.  IBM  Gold
Business Partner.
Persol Information:
Andrew  has  17  years’  experience  in  the  development  of  technical  solutions,  IT,
system  architecture,  business  analysis.  Back  in  the  early  2000s,  he  was  at  the
forefront in designing and implementing computer networks based on technologies
of Cisco Systems. He has years of successful experience in working with various
international  organizations  such  as  Open  Technologies,  Huawei  Technologies,
UNDP, UNICEF, UNHCR. Andrei is a leading specialist in designing and implementing
next-generation mission-critical information systems for the Banking and Financial
sector. He doesn’t like being called “crypto enthusiast”, preferring instead the term
“crypto professional”.
Joachim Arthur Sorgho
Development (Project Manager)
Education:
Software Development
Professional Background:
2006: Full Stack Developer at the international IT company
2014: Project Manager
2016: Team lead for Fintech projects on creation of cloud services
Personal Information:
Significant  experience  in  software  development  and  team  management  of  IT
professionals in the field of Fintech and Internet industry. Has a good understanding
of strategies applied to Agile and Scrum project management.
Dmitry Gursky
Chief Business Development Officer
Education:
Bachelor’s Degree in Networking Technology (2000)
Professional Background:
Expert in launching ICO projects
Participated in the release of the first projects with Security Tokens
Independent blockchain consultant to the government of the Russian Federation
and the CIS countries
Personal Information:
Believes that the field of crypto trading and investment is the most promising
direction in 2018.
47




Sergei Ermolitski
Head of Operations, Co-Founder
Education:
Bachelor Degree in Economics (2005)
Master Degree in Economics (2006)
Professional Background:
2009: CEO at FxCash, the first forex cashback service in Eastern Europe. The company
is one of the leaders in the market.
2013:  Co-Founder  of  the  HashBuster  project.  The  company  produced  mining
equipment based on Bitfury and Avalon chips.
2016: Head of Marketing for the cryptocurrency exchange
Personal Information:
Extensive experience of cybersecurity for financial IT projects.
Believes that decentralized instruments could become a universal means of
payment.
Alex Kozorez
Head of Content
Education:
Bachelor’s Degree in Radiophysics and Electronics
Bachelor’s Degree in Economics
Master’s Degree in Economic Sciences
Professional Background:
2005 - Co-founder of the marketing agency Latmay
2009  - Coordinator of Media Relations and Special Projects of FxCash, the first
cashback service on Forex in Eastern Europe
2016 - Head of Content of the cryptocurrency exchange
Personal Information:
Alexander is an experienced manager and analytics in the sphere of integrated
content  strategy  development  according  to  marketing  and  business  purposes
of projects.. Economic and technical background as well as deep understanding
of peculiarities of fintech and blockchain online services enables him to build an
impeccable strategy that corresponds to relevant demands of the target audience
even in the constantly changing crypto environment.   Alexander has gained rich
experience in interviewing top experts and crypto specialists which allows him not
only to be the first one to react to key information trends but also to create info
trends himself.
48




Alex Moroz
Chief Marketing Officer
Professional Background:
2012 - Internet marketing. Private entrepreneurship
2014 - CEO and Founder of his own advertising agency
2017 - ICO Marketing Advisor. Market research analyst for blockchain projects.
Personal information:
Alex has 6 years of experience in marketing and development of communication
strategies. Since then he has evolved from an internet marketing specialist to a
director of his own advertising agency and a private marketing consultant. Thanks to
such a diverse experience, Alex has an understanding of all marketing processes at
different stages: from web analytics to the development of an advertising campaign
media plan. In 2017, he became a private marketing advisor on blockchain projects
and ICOs. Alex developed his own exclusive methodology for ensuring an effective
promotion system, which he has successfully applied in several Fintech startups. He
is one of the leading European analysts in the sphere of global blockchain project
research.
Yulia Gushchina
Business Development and Investor Relations
Education:
Business Development and Diplomatic Translation (English, Chinese, French)
Professional Background:
2010  - Specialist in intercultural communication and diplomacy. English, French
translator/interpreter. ESL Teacher.
2014  -  Specialist  in  building  international  ties  between  Chinese  and  European
Corporations.
2015 - Strategic Development Manager at Huawei Technologies Co.Ltd.
2017 - Independent specialist in business development and customer relations in
the sphere of technologies. Julia has supported a range of successful ICO projects.
Personal Information:
Yulia has 7 years of diverse experience in business development, communication
management, and investor relations. In  2015 she started to work as a Strategic
Development Manager and a Pre-sales Manager at Huawei Technologies Co.Ltd.
Being  a  qualified  specialist  in  international  and  diplomatic  relations  Yulia  was
responsible for building new communication with top level businesses and State
local  Government  customers.  She  possesses  such  highly  demanded  skills  as
marketing concepts creation, sales strategies planning, organization and holding
negotiations with top level businesses.
Yulia has deep knowledge in the sphere of business relations psychology and
has excellent skills in implementation of communicative strategies in the field of
international business and partnership. In addition, Yulia taught foreign students
Russian as a volunteer to make a tangible contribution to the development of
international cooperation and intercultural networking.
49




Azam Khodzhaev
Chief Communications Officer
Professional Background:
Co-owner of Carousel car sharing (an IT project)
Eastern Europe’s No. 1 thought leader in the crypto and mining sphere
An independent advisor to the Russian government on blockchain
Co-presenter  of  the                                                                        «Business.  Investments.  CryptoCurrencies»  section  on
Transformator, a major business channel on Youtube.
Personal Information:
An active speaker and communicator in the blockchain sphere. One of the first
people in Eastern Europe to start mining cryptocurrencies and sell mining farms.
Nikolae Cucuta
Director of the Partner Department
Education:
2012  -  Bachelor  in  International  Relations  and  Politology  /  State  University  of
Moldova
Professional Background:
2012 - Regional Representative Manager / RoboForex NZ, AuckLand
2013 - Customer Support Agent / Avantaj Prim, Moldova
2015 - Head of Investment & Research / RoboForex HQ, Cyprus
2017 - Operational Director / Intcons Ltd, Cyprus
Personal Information:
Excellent familiarity with the trends of technology and marketing in the blockbuster
sphere  and  financial  markets,  including  the  forex  market.  He  believes  that  the
Crypto-currency market is just beginning its rapid growth.
Nick Rovneiko
Head of Analytics
Education:
Economics
Professional Background:
2008 - Private entrepreneur
2012 - Practicing trader
2016 - Senior Analyst at the cryptocurrency exchange
Personal Information:
Specialist in trade and investment in ShareTrade and CopyTrade accounts. Use the
Price Action method for analyzing market assets.
50





