WHITEPAPER
V1.2  04 September 2018
Smart contract powered social betting platform
www.betform.io
www.betformcoin.io




Betform 2018
IMPORTANT NOTICE
PLEASE READ THIS SECTION AND THE FOLLOWING SECTIONS ENTITLED “DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY”, “NO
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES”, “REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES BY YOU”, “CAUTIONARY
NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS”, “MARKET AND INDUSTRY INFORMATION AND NO CONSENT
OF OTHER PERSONS”, “NO ADVICE”, “NO FURTHER INFORMATION OR UPDATE”, “RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION
AND DISSEMINATION”, “NO OFFER OF SECURITIES OR REGISTRATION” AND “RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES”
CAREFULLY.
IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO THE ACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE, YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR LEGAL,
FINANCIAL, TAX OR ANOTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S).
The Betform Coins are not intended to constitute securities in any jurisdiction. This Whitepaper does not constitute
a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities or a solicitation
for investment in securities in any jurisdiction.
This Whitepaper does not constitute or form part of any opinion on any advice to sell, or any solicitation of any
offer by the distributor/vendor of the Betform Coins (the “Distributor”) to purchase any Betform Coins nor shall it
or any part of it nor the fact of its presentation form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any
contract or investment decision.
The issuer of the Betform Coins being digital tokens on a blockchain procured and/or controlled by Men @
Workz Pte. Ltd. (“M@W”), a company incorporated and registered in Singapore with UEN 201610590K and
registered office address at 1 Jalan Mata Ayer #02-03, Euphony Gardens, 759075 Singapore. The Distributor is
M@W or affiliate or any other person designated by M@W from time to time and will deploy all proceeds of sale
of the Betform Coins to fund Betform’s cryptocurrency project, businesses and operations.
No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment in relation to the sale and purchase
of the Betform Coins and no cryptocurrency or other form of payment is to be accepted on the basis of this
Whitepaper.
Any agreement as between the Distributor and you as a purchaser, and in relation to any sale and purchase, of
Betform Coins (as referred to in this Whitepaper) is to be governed by only a separate document setting out the
terms and conditions (the “T&Cs”) of such agreement. In the event of any inconsistencies between the T&Cs and
this Whitepaper, the former shall prevail.
You are not eligible and you are not to purchase any Betform Coins in the Betform Initial Token Sale (as referred
to in this Whitepaper) if you are a citizen, resident (tax or otherwise) or green card holder of the United States of
America or a citizen or resident of the Republic of Singapore.
No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper. No such
action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The publication,
distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements
or rules have been complied with.
There are risks and uncertainties associated with Betform and/or the Distributor and their respective businesses
and operations, the Betform Coins, the Betform Initial Token Sale and the Betform Wallet (each as referred to in
this Whitepaper).
This Whitepaper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not be taken or transmitted to any country where
distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper is prohibited or restricted.
www.betform.io / www.betformcoin.io




Betform 2018
No part of this Whitepaper is to be reproduced, distributed or disseminated without including this section and
the following sections entitled “Disclaimer of Liability”, “No Representations and Warranties”, “Representations
and Warranties By You”, “Cautionary Note On Forward-Looking Statements”, “Market and Industry Information
and No Consent of Other Persons”, “Terms Used”, “No Advice”, “No Further Information or Update”, “Restrictions
On Distribution and Dissemination”, “No Offer of Securities Or Registration” and “Risks and Uncertainties”.
DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY
To the maximum extent permitted by the applicable laws, regulations and rules, Betform and/or the Distributor
shall not be liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract
or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or data), arising out
of or in connection with any acceptance of or reliance on this Whitepaper or any part thereof by you.
NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
Betform and/or the Distributor does not make or purport to make, and hereby disclaims, any representation,
warranty or undertaking in any form whatsoever to any entity or person, including any representation, warranty
or undertaking in relation to the truth, accuracy and completeness of any of the information set out in this
Whitepaper.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES BY YOU
By accessing and/or accepting possession of any information in this Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the
case may be), you represent and warrant to Betform and/or the Distributor as follows:
(a) you agree and acknowledge that the Betform Coins do not constitute securities in any form in any jurisdiction;
(b) you agree and acknowledge that this Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any
sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities in any jurisdiction or a solicitation for investment in
securities and you are not bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment and no cryptocurrency
or other form of payment is to be accepted on the basis of this Whitepaper;
(c) you agree and acknowledge that no regulatory authority has examined or approved of the information set
out in this Whitepaper, no action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of
any jurisdiction and the publication, distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper to you does not imply that
the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with;
(d) you agree and acknowledge that this Whitepaper, the undertaking and/or the completion of the Betform
Initial Token Sale, or future trading of the Betform Coins on any cryptocurrency exchange, shall not be
construed, interpreted or deemed by you as an indication of the merits of the Betform and/or the Distributor, the
Betform Coins, the Betform Initial Token Sale and the Betform Wallet (each as referred to in this Whitepaper);
(e) the distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper, any part thereof or any copy thereof, or acceptance of
the same by you, is not prohibited or restricted by the applicable laws, regulations or rules in your jurisdiction,
and where any restrictions in relation to possession are applicable, you have observed and complied with all
such restrictions at your own expense and without liability to Betform and/or the Distributor;
(f) you agree and acknowledge that in the case where you wish to purchase any Betform Coins, the Betform
Coins are not to be construed, interpreted, classified or treated as:
(i) any kind of currency other than cryptocurrency;
(ii) debentures, stocks or shares issued by any person or entity (whether Betform and/or the Distributor)
www.betform.io / www.betformcoin.io




Betform 2018
(iii) rights, options or derivatives in respect of such debentures, stocks or shares;
(iv) rights under a contract for differences or under any other contract the purpose or pretended purpose of
which is to secure a profit or avoid a loss;
(v) units in a collective investment scheme;
(vi) units in a business trust;
(vii) derivatives of units in a business trust; or
(viii) any other security or class of securities.
(g) you are fully aware of and understand that you are not eligible to purchase any Betform Coins if you are a
citizen, resident (tax or otherwise) or green card holder of the United States of America or a citizen or resident of
the Republic of Singapore;
(h) you have a basic degree of understanding of the operation, functionality, usage, storage, transmission
mechanisms and other material characteristics of cryptocurrencies, blockchain-based software systems, cryp-
tocurrency wallets or other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart contract
technology;
(i) you are fully aware and understand that in the case where you wish to purchase any Betform Coins, there are
risks associated with Betform and the Distributor and their respective business and operations, the Betform
Coins, the Betform Initial Token Sale and the Betform Wallet (each as referred to in the Whitepaper);
(j) you agree and acknowledge that neither Betform nor the Distributor is liable for any indirect, special, incidental,
consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue,
income or profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in connection with any acceptance of or reliance on
this Whitepaper or any part thereof by you; and
(k) all of the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and non-misleading from the
time of your access to and/or acceptance of possession this Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may
be).
CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
All statements contained in this Whitepaper, statements made in press releases or in any place accessible by
the public and oral statements that may be made by Betform and/or the Distributor or their respective directors,
executive officers or employees acting on behalf of Betform or the Distributor (as the case may be), that are not
statements of historical fact, constitute “forward-looking statements”. Some of these statements can be identified
by forward-looking terms such as “aim”, “target”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “could”, “estimate”, “expect”, “if”, “intend”,
“may”, “plan”, “possible”, “probable”, “project”, “should”, “would”, “will” or other similar terms.
However, these terms are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements. All statements
regarding Betform’s and/or the Distributor’s financial position, business strategies, plans and prospects and the
future prospects of the industry which Betform and/or the Distributor is in are forward-looking statements.
These forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements as to Betform’s and/or the Distributor’s
revenue and profitability, prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other matters discussed
in this Whitepaper regarding Betform and/or the Distributor are matters that are not historic facts, but only
predictions.
These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may
cause the actual future results, performance or achievements of Betform and/or the Distributor to be materially
www.betform.io / www.betformcoin.io




Betform 2018
different from any future results, performance or achievements expected, expressed or implied by such
forward-looking statements. These factors include, amongst others:
(a) changes in political, social, economic and stock or cryptocurrency market conditions, and the regulatory
environment in the countries in which Betform and/or the Distributor conducts its respective businesses and
operations;
(b) the risk that Betform and/or the Distributor may be unable or execute or implement their respective business
strategies and future plans;
(c) changes in interest rates and exchange rates of fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies;
(d) changes in the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth of Betform and/or the Distributor;
(e) changes in the availability and fees payable to Betform and/or the Distributor in connection with their
respective businesses and operations;
(f) changes in the availability and salaries of employees who are required by Betform and/or the Distributor to
operate their respective businesses and operations;
(g) changes in preferences of customers of Betform and/or the Distributor;
(h) changes in competitive conditions under which Betform and/or the Distributor operate, and the ability of
Betform and/or the Distributor to compete under such conditions;
(i) changes in the future capital needs of Betform and/or the Distributor and the availability of financing and
capital to fund such needs;
(j) war or acts of international or domestic terrorism;
(k) occurrences of catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts of God that affect the businesses and/or
operations of Betform and/or the Distributor;
(l) other factors beyond the control of Betform and/or the Distributor; and
(m) any risk and uncertainties associated with Betform and/or the Distributor and their businesses and operations,
the Betform Coins, the Betform Initial Token Sale and the Betform Wallet (each as referred to in the Whitepaper).
All forward-looking statements made by or attributable to Betform and/or the Distributor or persons acting on
behalf of Betform and/or the Distributor are expressly qualified in their entirety by such factors. Given that risks
and uncertainties that may cause the actual future results, performance or achievements of Betform and/or
the Distributor to be materially different from that expected, expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements
in this Whitepaper, undue reliance must not be placed on these statements. These forward-looking statements
are applicable only as of the date of this Whitepaper.
Neither Betform, the Distributor nor any other person represents, warrants and/or undertakes that the actual
future results, performance or achievements of Betform and/or the Distributor will be as discussed in those
forward-looking statements. The actual results, performance or achievements of Betform and/or the Distributor
may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements.
Nothing contained in this Whitepaper is or may be relied upon as a promise, representation or undertaking as
to the future performance or policies of Betform and/or the Distributor.
Further, Betform and/or the Distributor disclaim any responsibility to update any of those forward-looking statements
www.betform.io / www.betformcoin.io




Betform 2018
or publicly announce any revisions to those forward-looking statements to reflect future developments, events
or circumstances, even if new information becomes available or other events occur in the future.
MARKET AND INDUSTRY INFORMATION AND NO CONSENT OF OTHER PERSONS
This Whitepaper includes market and industry information and forecasts that have been obtained from internal
surveys, reports and studies, where appropriate, as well as market research, publicly available information and
industry publications. Such surveys, reports, studies, market research, publicly available information and publi-
cations generally state that the information that they contain has been obtained from sources believed to be
reliable, but there can be no assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such included information.
Save for Betform, the Distributor and their respective directors, executive officers and employees, no person
has provided his or her consent to the inclusion of his or her name and/or other information attributed or
perceived to be attributed to such person in connection therewith in this Whitepaper and no representation,
warranty or undertaking is or purported to be provided as to the accuracy or completeness of such information
by such person and such persons shall not be obliged to provide any updates on the same.
While Betform and/or the Distributor have taken reasonable actions to ensure that the information is extracted
accurately and in its proper context, Betform and/or the Distributor have not conducted any independent
review of the information extracted from third party sources, verified the accuracy or completeness of such
information or ascertained the underlying economic assumptions relied upon therein. Consequently, neither
Betform, the Distributor, nor their respective directors, executive officers and employees acting on their behalf
makes any representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of such information and shall not be
obliged to provide any updates on the same.
TERMS USED
To facilitate a better understanding of the Betform Coins being offered for purchase by the Distributor, and the
businesses and operations of Betform and/or the Distributor, certain technical terms and abbreviations, as well
as, in certain instances, their descriptions, have been used in this Whitepaper. These descriptions and assigned
meanings should not be treated as being definitive of their meanings and may not correspond to standard
industry meanings or usage.
Words importing the singular shall, where applicable, include the plural and vice versa and words importing the
masculine gender shall, where applicable, include the feminine and neuter genders and vice versa. References
to persons shall include corporations.
NO ADVICE
No information in this Whitepaper should be considered to be business, legal, financial or tax advice regarding
Betform, the Distributor, the Betform Coins, the Betform Initial Token Sale and the Betform Wallet (each as
referred to in the Whitepaper). You should consult your own legal, financial, tax or other professional adviser
regarding Betform and/or the Distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the Betform Coins,
the Betform Initial Token Sale and the Betform Wallet (each as referred to in the Whitepaper). You should be
aware that you may be required to bear the financial risk of any purchase of Betform Coins for an indefinite
period of time.
NO FURTHER INFORMATION OR UPDATE
No person has been or is authorised to give any information or representation not contained in this Whitepaper
in connection with Betform and/or the Distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the Betform
Coins, the Betform Initial Token Sale and the Betform Wallet (each as referred to in the Whitepaper) and, if given,
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by or on behalf of
Betform and/or the Distributor. The Betform Initial Token Sale (as referred to in the Whitepaper) shall not, under
www.betform.io / www.betformcoin.io




Betform 2018
any circumstances, constitute a continuing representation or create any suggestion or implication that there
has been no change, or development reasonably likely to involve a material change in the affairs, conditions
and prospects of Betform and/or the Distributor or in any statement of fact or information contained in this
Whitepaper since the date hereof.
RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION AND DISSEMINATION
The distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper or any part thereof may be prohibited or restricted by the
laws, regulatory requirements and rules of any jurisdiction. In the case where any restriction applies, you are to
inform yourself about, and to observe, any restrictions which are applicable to your possession of this Whitepaper
or such part thereof (as the case may be) at your own expense and without liability to Betform and/or the Distributor.
Persons to whom a copy of this Whitepaper has been distributed or disseminated, provided access to or who
otherwise have the Whitepaper in their possession shall not circulate it to any other persons, reproduce or
otherwise distribute this Whitepaper or any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor
permit or cause the same to occur.
NO OFFER OF SECURITIES OR REGISTRATION
This Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not intended to constitute
an offer of securities or a solicitation for investment in securities in any jurisdiction. No person is bound to enter
into any contract or binding legal commitment and no cryptocurrency or other form of payment is to be accepted
on the basis of this Whitepaper. Any agreement in relation to any sale and purchase of Betform Coins (as
referred to in this Whitepaper) is to be governed by only the T&Cs of such agreement and no other document. In
the event of any inconsistencies between the T&Cs and this Whitepaper, the former shall prevail.
You are not eligible to purchase any Betform Coins in the Betform Initial Token Sale (as referred to in this White-
paper) if you are a citizen, resident (tax or otherwise) or green card holder of the United States of America or a
citizen or resident of the Republic of Singapore.
No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper. No such
action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The publica-
tion, distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory require-
ments or rules have been complied with.
RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
Prospective purchasers of Betform Coins (as referred to in this Whitepaper) should carefully consider and evalu-
ate all risks and uncertainties associated with Betform, the Distributor and their respective businesses and
operations, the Betform Coins, the Betform Initial Token Sale and the Betform Wallet (each as referred to in the
Whitepaper), all information set out in this Whitepaper and the T&Cs prior to any purchase of Betform Coins. If
any of such risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, the business, financial condition, results of oper-
ations and prospects of Betform and/or the Distributor could be materially and adversely affected. In such
cases, you may lose all or part of the value of the Betform Coins.
www.betform.io / www.betformcoin.io




Betform 2018
01                                         DETAILS OF OUR ITS        01 - 05
1.1 Indicative timetable
1.2 Token usage
1.3 Particulars of our ITS
1.4 Special bonus schedule
1.5 Funds escrow
1.6 Initial token sale procedure
1.7 Objectives of our ITS
1.8 Use of Proceeds
BUSINESS ANALYSIS                          06 - 12
02
2.1 Market overview
2.2 Business overview
2.3 Shortcoming of current online crypto
currency gambling market
2.4 Our products and services
2.5 How Betform can be sustainable?
2.6 Marketing plan
                                           INFORMATION ON OUR TEAM   12 - 13
03
04                                         ROAD MAP                  14
05                                         MOVING FORWARD            14
www.betform.io / www.betformcoin.io




Betform 2018
‘Smart contract powered social betting platform’
What is Betform
When we as the co-founders of Betform got together to start this company, it was our vision to have
assets on the blockchain gaming be not only available to professional players, but rather something
that can be used by any individual players in the social way and for fun.
At Betform, we strive to offer the user access to as large as possible a range of blockchain games at a
maximum degree of convenience, while adhering to the highest security standards in the ecosystem.
We are able to do this by connecting blockchains, leveraging on the smart contracts, and Payment
Channels, which works in a completely secure, instantaneous and low-cost manner. For further information,
please refer to the whitepaper in respect thereof, accessible at www.betformcoin.io.
Betform Initial Token Sale
What is an Initial Token Sale?
An Initial Token Sale (ITS) is an event in which a new cryptocurrency project sells part of its cryptocurrency
tokens to early adopters and enthusiasts in exchange for funding. For the party offering the tokens for
sale, this has become a well-documented and well-respected way to raise funds to upscale an existing
product or service.
The sale by the Distributor of Betform Coins in connection with an Initial Token Sale (the “Betform Initial
Token Sale”) to you as a purchaser thereof, will be subject to and governed by the T&Cs - which is a
separate document setting out the terms and conditions of the agreement as between the Distributor
and you in relation to the Betform Initial Token Sale. This Whitepaper is not incorporated into and does
not form part of the T&Cs. In the event of any inconsistencies between the T&Cs and this Whitepaper,
the former shall prevail.
The Distributor is M@W or affiliate or any other person designated by M@W from time to time and will
deploy all proceeds of sale of the Betform Coins to fund Betform’s cryptocurrency project, businesses
and operations.
01                                                                                                               www.betform.io / www.betformcoin.io




Betform 2018
Unless the context requires otherwise, references to “we” or “us” in connection with the Betform Initial
Token Sale shall be construed as references to the Distributor.
The Betform Initial Token Sale is hereby announced on:
January 8th 2019
9PM Singapore Time (UTC+8)/
3PM Munich Time/
9AM New York Time/
2PM London Time
Why an Initial Token Sale?
The purpose of the ITS is to bringing developers, marketing personnel, a legal team, designers and
many other talented people on board will require additional funds. Offering an Initial Token Sale
instead of a traditional venture capital rounds enables the community to participate in Betform’s success
story, rather than limiting it to a small, selected number of traditional venture capital funds.
General Token Sale Overview
On January 8th 2019   starting at 9PM Singapore Time (see the applicable commencement times in
more time zones above), we will offer 40% of all Betform Coins to be created for purchase by the public
in the Betform Initial Token Sale under the ticker symbol BFC. A further 43.9% of all Betform Coins to be
created will be distributed to identified investors. The remaining 13.5% of Betform Coins to be created
will be distributed to Betform’s founders, employees and early investors as an incentive to ensure long
term alignment of interests and commitment to the tokens and their future value and also for future
business development and development. Further details of the distribution of tokens are set out below.
Each Betform Coin will be sold for USD 0.10.   There is a minimum purchase amount of 500 Betform
Coins per purchase.
We will accept a maximum USD 9,600,000 of ETH, for purchase of Betform Coins in the Betform Initial
Token Sale. The Betform Coins created for such maximum amount contributed will in turn represent 40%
of all Betform Coins. Should this amount be reached before the end of the sale on 4 January 2019,
8.59pm Singapore Time (UTC+8), which is 4 weeks after the token sale commencement date, we will
cut off the sale.
Please note that we will not create any new Betform Coins after the Betform Initial Token Sale.
02                                                                                                          www.betform.io / www.betformcoin.io




Betform 2018
1. DETAILS OF OUR ITS
1.1                                                                                                                     INDICATIVE TIMETABLE
Application for our ITS token under the Public Issue will open at 10:00 a.m. on 10 December 2018 and will
remain open until 5:00 p.m. on 4 January 2019, 8.59pm Singapore Time (UTC+8).
Save for the opening date of the application for the ITS Token, the dates above are tentative and are subject to
changes which may be necessary to facilitate implementation procedures.
1.2                                                                                                                     Token usage
The native token of Betform is Betform Coin. All gaming activities on the Betform will utilize Betform Coin. The
Betform Coin will be implemented as ERC20-compatible token over the public Ethereum blockchain, which has
now become the common practice for projects issuing their custom digital assets. It will work as any other Ethereum
token within the Ethereum ecosystem.
Players can acquire the Betform Coin during the token sale and afterwards on various crypto exchanges or
directly via the Betform Wallet.
The token will primarily serve as means as utility token with the following functions:
(i) In-App token - All platform transactions will be carried out using the Betform Coin.
(ii) Value holders - The Betform Coin value is likely to rise as we acquire more players and partners, and reduce
the total token supply as we will continue burning part of the circulating tokens.
(iii) Global betting tokens -  Our ultimate goal is to establish the Betform Coin as the market standard for betting.
In order to achieve this, we will pursue a number of strategic initiatives aimed at developing a broad ecosystem
and drive widespread Betform Coin adoption.
(iv) Game and app developers - Betform will integrate selected games and apps by third-party developers.
Players will enjoy more content, while developers benefit from reaching a global audience and earning commissions
through our platform.
(v) White-label customers - Companies and gaming operators will be able to add their multiplayers games to
our platform. Our modular technology architecture allows us to offer near-turnkey solutions and complementary
services at a low customisation cost.
1.3                                                                                                                     PARTICULARS OF OUR ITS
1.3.1  Public Issue
(i) Public
96,000,000 ITS Token, representing approximately 40.0% of the token of our Company, will be made available
for application by the public.
(ii) Private sale to Identified Investors
105,250,000 Tokens, representing approximately 43.9% of the overall token of the Company, are reserved by
way of private sale to identified investors.
03                                                                                                                      www.betform.io / www.betformcoin.io




Betform 2018
1.3.2  Token distribution
Upon the completion of our ITS, our token distribution would be as follows:
                                                                                                                       No. of Token                                                                                                        %
Open sale                                                                                                              96,000,000                                                                                                          40.0%
Bounty and AirDrops                                                                                                    6,350,000                                                                                                           2.6%
Pre-sale                                                                                                               105,250,000                                                                                                         43.9%
Founders                                                                                                               26,400,000                                                                                                          11.0%
Team                                                                                                                   6,000,000                                                                                                           2.5%
Total                                                                                                                  240,000,000                                                                                                         100.0%
The Distributor will offer 40% of all Betform Coins to be created for purchase by the public in the Initial Token
Sale while a further 43.9% of the tokens to be created will be distributed to identified investors.
The Distributor considers it is a strong signal of trust in Betform if the community and private sale investors owns
more half of the Betform Coins from the very beginning. At the same time, we feels that it is essential that the
interests of Betform be aligned with those of the ecosystem in the long-term. In order to be able to support long
term growth in a sustainable way, founders, early backers and the development team of Betform will be holding
13.5% of tokens in exchange for their efforts and resources contributed to the development of Betform.
1.4                                                                                                                    SPECIAL BONUS SCHEDULE
                                                                                                                       There will be extra tokens offered as a bonus for users who commit earlier (early-bird bonus). See the time table
                                                                                                                       below for the exact bonus schedule.
Time                                                                                                                   Available token bonus
First 24 hours                                                                                                         +20%
Day 2 and day 3                                                                                                        +10%
Day 4 to day 7                                                                                                         + 5%
Day 8 to day 14                                                                                                        + 2.5%
1.5                                                                                                                    FUNDS ESCROW
All payments received for Betform Coins with the Initial Token Sale will be held in escrow in a multi-signature
address, with a multi key structure. Keys of this multisignature account will stay with the management team and
founders.
1.6                                                                                                                    INITIAL TOKEN SALE PROCEDURE
Each Betform Coin will be sold for USD 0.10.  We only accept ETH for the token sale. We will send out Betform
coins to the ERC20 wallet where the buyers send their ETH. There is a minimum purchase amount of 500
Betform Coins per purchase.
1.7                                                                                                                    OBJECTIVES OF OUR ITS
The objectives of our ITS are as follows:
(i) enabling us to explore the opportunity to implement our business strategies and expand our operations;
(ii) to enhance the stature and heighten the public profile of our Group as well as increasing market awareness
of our products and services;
04                                                                                                                     www.betform.io / www.betformcoin.io




Betform 2018
1.8                                                                                                                    USE OF PROCEEDS
                                                                                                                                                             We expect to use the gross proceeds from the Betform token sale in the following manner:
Description                                                                                                                                                  Percentage of                                                                              Estimated Timeframe for
                                                                                                                                                             total gross proceeds (%)                                                                   utilisation upon ITS
                                                                                                                       Development and operations            55%                                                                                        Within 36 months
Marketing                                                                                                                                                    10%                                                                                        Within 36 months
Legal                                                                                                                                                        15%                                                                                        Immediate
Advisors                                                                                                                                                     10%                                                                                        Immediate
                                                                                                                       Reserve and working capital           10%                                                                                        Within 36 months
                                                                                                                       Total gross proceeds                  100%
1.8.1  Development and operations
As part of our Group’s business expansion plan, we intend to use 55% raised from the fund raised to develop
other multiplayers casino games, investment in security and servers, and development of Betform wallet.
The breakdown is summarised in the table below.
Details of estimated total costs                                                                                       Note                                  %
Development of Multiplayer Casino Games                                                                                (i)                                   30.0
Investment in security and servers                                                                                     (ii)                                  15.0
Development of Betform wallet                                                                                          (iii)                                 10.0
Total                                                                                                                                                        55.0
(i) Please refer to moving forward section for the development details. This also include R&D of new games &
technology, recruitment, team building, etc.
(ii) The investment is aim to improve user experience for our platform and also ensure security of the users’ fund.
(iii) We will release an open-source Wallet app for iOS, Android, PC and Mac. In addition to strong fund protection
and other exclusive features, the Wallet will allow players to easily obtain the Betform Coins, as the app will also
be interlinked with third-party exchanges via their APIs.
1.8.2  Marketing
We have earmarked 10% on fund raised from the ITS to implement mass-scale marketing strategies to attract
players and ensure effective customer retention. Since the main premise of Betform is the increase in the value
of Betform Coin with demand, user acquisition and retention are a vital part of our business model, therefore
requires sufficient funds for sustainability.
1.8.3  Legal
Gambling is a highly - regulated segment which requires legal compliance in different countries. As a result, part
of ITS proceeds will be used to cover costs of legal services and licenses.
1.8.4  Reserve and working capital
The ITS proceed earmarked for reserve and working capital would be stored in a separate wallet. The wallet
would be utilised for our day to day operation.
05                                                                                                                     www.betform.io / www.betformcoin.io




Betform 2018
2. BUSINESS ANALYSIS
2.1                                                                                                                   MARKET OVERVIEW
The revenues of game market exceeding the $100 billion mark to total $109 billion in 2017. Five years ago,
global revenues on game market was amounted to approximately $70 billion. A growth of 56% in five years
illustrates how game companies have not only pioneered new ways of engaging and entertaining consumers,
but have also led the way in innovating business models to suit the digital age. The future outlook for games has
never been better but requires a new way of looking at the market. Most games now provide consumers with
entertainment on three different levels: playing, viewing, and creating. Game companies are quickly evolving
into all-round entertainment companies, pushing engagement time up dramatically and securing gaming’s
position as the world’s favourite pastime.
Traditional boundaries between games, media, telecom, and sports industries are disappearing and sparking
new partnerships and M&A activity across the globe.
1. WITH MORE TIME SPENT ON GAMES, MONEY FOLLOWS.
2. A COMMUNITY-CENTRIC APPROACH IS KEY TO SUSTAINABLE SUCCESS.
3. GAMES ARE RAPIDLY BECOMING THE WORLD’S FAVORITE PASTIME.
Consumers are spending more time than ever on games, and this is especially true for the millennial generation.
The reason for this is that games now cater to a much wider variety of interests. This includes lean-forward
(gaming intensely or casually), lean-back (viewing content created by peers or provided by the professional
gaming scene), creating unique content and sharing (on-demand and live streaming). Viewing professional or
amateur game video content is bringing back millions of lapsed gamers who no longer have the time to play but
whose passion is reignited by viewing other players and worldwide championships. The term “gamers” is
becoming increasingly obsolete, as it fails to capture the variety of ways that games entertain consumers.
“Game enthusiasts” would be a more encapsulating term.
The global games
The Asia-Pacific region accounted for $51.2 billion this year, or 47% of total global game revenues. This growth
represents a 9.2% year on-year increase. Overall, the share of total revenues claimed by each region has
remained almost unchanged since 2016. North America is the second-largest region, taking a 25% share of the
market.
Total revenues in North America will increase year on year by 4.0% to reach $27.0 billion. Most of this growth will
come from smartphone gaming, a mature market but certainly not saturated. The fastest-growing region in the
coming years will be Rest of Asia (without China, Japan, and Korea), with game revenues growing to $10.5 billion
in 2020, up from $4.5 billion in 2016. The Latin American market will also continue its healthy growth and reach
$6.3 billion by 2020.
Global gaming market by segment
Mobile gaming (smartphone and tablet) is the largest segment in 2017, accounting for 42% of the total global
market. The segment also has the most gamers with 2.1 billion, the majority of whom are gaming on smart-
phones. Console is the second-largest segment with revenues of $33.5 billion 2017. PC browser game revenues
will decrease by 9.3% to $4.5 billion as gamers continue their transition to mobile. Revenues for boxed/downloaded
PC games will also drop by 1.3% to $24.6 billion. PC revenues of public companies decreased in both Western
and Asian markets last year, while emerging markets had single-digit growth rates. Mobile will remain the largest
segment, growing with a CAGR (2016-2020) of 13.9% to claim 50% of the market by 2020.
06                                                                                                                    www.betform.io / www.betformcoin.io




Betform 2018
2.2                                                                                                                    BUSINESS OVERVIEW
Online gambling market size
The global online gambling market is expected to grow at a CAGR of more than 9% by 2020. Gambling is the
primary source of revenue for governments of several countries. However, most countries have outlawed online
gambling or imposed stringent laws on them. Recently, there has been a major shift in online gambling regulations,
which allows gamers from all over the world to participate in such games. Due to the ease in the rules on online
gambling, the governments receive a significant amount of revenue in the form of taxes, which is used for the
welfare of the society. This form of gambling also creates employment opportunities across the globe.
In terms of geography, Europe, Middle East and Africa are dominating approximately 60% of the online gambling
market. However, the market in Asia Pacific is anticipated to expand at a CAGR of around 14% during the forecast
period. Relaxation of laws, growth in the number of Internet users, and availability of gambling & betting sites
with attractive offers are key drivers of the online gambling & betting market in Asia Pacific. Additionally,
increase in penetration rate of internet-based devices and trust on online gambling & betting sites are propelling
the market.
Revenue from Online poker and casino gambling increase from $3.4 billion in 2016 to $4.4 billion in 2017,
according to a Research report. The gambling industry is expected to reach up to $91 billion and it has no intention
of slowing down. Especially since the online gambling market boom on smartphones has gained worldwide
traction.
Online gambling has become a very lucrative industry indeed. There are dozens of online poker sites with different
games and bonuses to punters worldwide. All a punter needs are an internet connection. At that point, they can
play various casino games, place bets on sporting events, play online poker, and check out sports betting.
The online poker market grew very quickly. Online gambling sites offer competitive offering large bonuses for
new punters and a loyalty club for their most loyal punters. In 2016, 57 million monthly active users played social
poker, and many of them played via Facebook.
Cryptocurrency trends in global online gambling
Cryptocurrencies and online gaming seem like a match made in digital heaven. The burgeoning popularity of
online gaming and e-sports has led to the creation of in-game digital currencies which could be a valuable
addition to the virtual economies of popular online games such as World of Warcraft.
According to a study by digital asset exchange, which surveyed 1,000 gamers in the US, 75 percent of gamers
wish that they could exchange their virtual goods for a digital currency that can be bought and sold on other
platforms.
Furthermore, while five percent of millennials have an interest in cryptocurrencies, 55 percent of online gamers
have already used them in the past. This suggests that there is a large crossover between the cryptocurrency
community and the online gaming community.
Interestingly, out of the surveyed gamers, around 50 percent of all age groups also own cryptocurrency. However,
87 percent of them have not used digital currencies in gaming before but 80 percent stated that they would be
interested in using cryptocurrencies to make in-game transactions.
The study also found that from the potential benefits that cryptocurrency use in online games could bring, 75
percent of the surveyed gamers cited their ease of use, 66 percent stated heightened security, 49 percent said
lower transaction fees.
The results of the study could not be clearer: gamers want to be able to use cryptocurrency to make low-cost
gaming-related transactions.
07                                                                                                                     www.betform.io / www.betformcoin.io




Betform 2018
Competitor analysis
Betform’s competitive advantages over competitors are illustrated as follow:
                                                                                                                                                             Competitor 1 -                                                  Competitor 2 -     Competitor 3 -
Description                                                                                                            Betform                               Casino ‘F’                                                      Casino ‘E’         Casino ‘B’
Download from iOS                                                                                                      Yes                                   No. Only support                                                No. Only support   Yes
and Google Play download                                                                                                                                     mobile browser                                                  mobile browser
Continuous token burning                                                                                               Yes                                   Yes                                                             No                 Yes
Multiplayers games                                                                                                     Yes                                   No                                                              No                 No. Only sports betting
Gambling license                                                                                                       Will apply after ITS                  Under application                                               Yes                No
Top winners’ rewards                                                                                                   Yes, by way of                        No                                                              Reward by way      No. The platform only
                                                                                                                       quarterly bonus                                                                                       of lottery         award players for
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                completing achievements
White label solutions                                                                                                  Yes                                   Yes                                                             No                 Yes
2.3                                                                                                                                                          SHORTCOMINGS OF CURRENT ONLINE CRYPTOCURRENCY GAMBLING MARKET
1. High Commission charges - Online casinos charge high transaction fees from 1% to 15% for enabling the
gameplay. The high fee charged is to cover the cost of payment processors and managing the cost of the
casino. This has been curbed to some extent due to the advent of Bitcoin based casinos. Bitcoin being a crypto-
currency which is not regulated by governments enables a much lower transaction fee.
However, the surge in Bitcoin’s price has seen its transaction fees increase significantly. In the near future,
bitcoin transaction fees will become too costly for some gamblers and there will be a need for an alternative
payment method.
2. Online casinos create a random number using a combination of casino and client numbers. The casino
assigns their own number automatically and the visitor can do it manually or let the casino decide for them. The
two numbers are blended to provide a random outcome.
The idea behind it is that the casino can rig their own number, but they would not be able to rig the client’s
number and therefore the outcome will be random. Therefore a casino would not able to cheat.
However, there are still some loops in Fairness Check
(i) The casino can easily influence the client’s seed by assigning it themselves (that’s the case in most casinos,
because an average player is not going to type and give a random number before every gamble round - even if
they have this option).
(ii) The client entered the seed once and is not changing it. The casino can identify it and use that information to
adjust their own seed.
(iv) The casino can delay creating their own seed and provide it to the ‘blender’ once the visitor has sent theirs.
Then the casino can adjust their own seed to the client’s.
3. The revenue from PC browser game has been in decreasing trend from year to year. Players have found new
forms of entertainment that offer instant gratification and can be accessed via their smartphone devices without
compromising on quality. In this regard, online poker has been very much behind the curve.
2.4                                                                                                                    OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
In Betform, players will not use Fiat money (such as EUR or USD) to enter bets. They will use the Betform Coins
instead.
As Smart Contracts do not support Fiat currencies, creating our own token is necessary to ensure a truly secure
and transparent social betting platform.
08                                                                                                                     www.betform.io / www.betformcoin.io




Betform 2018
This is why we developing Betform - a decentralised social betting platform that be built on the Ethereum block-
chain. All of the key operations will be regulated by smart contracts, giving users a fully transparent experience.
2.4.1  Smart devices based gambling experience, and In-App Betform Coin.
Betform will be providing app-based gambling experience for Android and Apple users. As illustrated in the
market overview, the mobile gaming is the largest segment contributor for gaming industry and majority of the
gamers are gaming on smartphones and tablets.
New players are important, but also making current players stay at the casino and deposit more money is
crucial. Players that return are players that enjoy the games and will definitely help expand the popularity of the
casino.
Everybody likes to be rewarded for being loyal. In Betform, we offer daily rewards to loyal players on daily and
weekly basis. The daily rewards can be used for customisation in the App such as background customisation,
background music etc.
2.4.2  Transparency and Security
Betform employs the state of the art technology to provide its users highly secure and efficient environment to
play their favourite games. Our Betform Coin will be sold via Ethereum-based smart contracts during the initial
token sale. This means that all investors will be 100% sure that they will get ETH equivalent of Betform Coin
during our open sale.
In the same trustworthy way that our operation will be operated, if a user bets on a particular game, they can be
100% sure that their result will be truly random and that they will get their win transferred directly into their
wallet. We will not be able to suspend the transaction or redirect it to another wallet.
Provably Fair Games
Betform uses a transparent way of generating the outcomes of its games.
Provably Fair gaming is a technology that prevents both a player and bankers to cheat. The system works
based on cryptographic hash functions. Data is converted into a hash string, which can be verified with an algorithm.
If there was any interference in the game or any error in the pay-out, the hash will not be verified. Unusual game
outcomes can be checked using a cryptographic hash function, proving the results are indeed calculated properly
and fairly.
As a player, one can check the result of any bet by themselves and have complete transparency and confidence
in our games.
Our PRNG is tested and certified by a reputable test lab, which is also the longest established and most experienced
private independent gaming testing laboratory in the world.
Players can access and verify all the history of card games they participated through their user dashboard.
2.4.3  Regulation and compliance
Our platform operation is regulated by licensing jurisdiction. We will apply for gambling license after the token
sale.
As part of the licensing requirement, player registration is hosted in the highly advanced data centres which
greatly experienced in hosting e-Gaming companies.
09                                                                                                                      www.betform.io / www.betformcoin.io




Betform 2018
Safer Play and Responsible gambling
We also have self-exclusion policy in place where if an individual player who is aware that they suffer from a
gambling problem can voluntarily request that their account be added to the self-exclusion list. Once this option
is chosen, we will proceed to close the account for the player and return all the funds in the account back to the
player.
2.4.4  ERC 20 token compliant wallet app
These are the following games which Betform will offer. All these games are powered by smart contracts and
our token holders can choose different game modes. For example, users can compete with friends through
leader boards, or send invitation to friends and create a room to play together, and we have quarterly bonus for
top leaders in our leadership board.
Texas hold 'em (also known as Texas holdem, hold 'em, and holdem) is a variation of the card game of poker. Two
cards, known as the hole cards, are dealt face down to each player, and then five community cards are dealt
face up in three stages. The stages consist of a series of three cards ("the flop"), later an additional single card
("the turn" or "fourth street"), and a final card ("the river" or "fifth street"). Each player seeks the best five card
poker hand from any combination of the seven cards of the five community cards and their own two hole cards.
If a player's best five-card poker hand consists only of the five community cards and none of the player's hole
cards, it is called "playing the board". If you play the board on the river, then you can do no better than tie the
other player(s) in the game if no player can make a better hand than the board represents, using either or both
hole cards. Players have betting options to check, call, raise, or fold. Rounds of betting take place before the flop
is dealt and after each subsequent deal.
Big two (also known as deuces and various other names), is a card game of Chinese origin. It is similar to the
games of president, crazy eights, cheat, winner, and other shedding games. The game is very popular in East
Asia and South East Asia, especially throughout China, Indonesia, Macau, Hong Kong, Malaysia, Taiwan and
Singapore. It is played both casually and as a gambling game. It is usually played with two to four players, the
entire deck being dealt out in either case (or sometimes with only 13 cards per player, if there are less than four
players). The objective of the game is to be the first to play of all of his cards.
In Between. Everybody antes into the pot. Each player takes a turn, starting with the left of the dealer until there
is no money left in the pot. A turn consists of two cards being dealt face up and the player betting an amount of
money whether or not the third card will fall in between the first two (thus, the name "In-Between").
Mah-jong is a tile-based game which was developed in China since the Qing dynasty and has further developed
throughout the world since the early 20th century. It is commonly played by four players (with some three-player
variations found in South Korea, Japan and Southeast Asia). The game and its regional variants are widely
played throughout Asia (especially in the Eastern and South Eastern Asia) and have materialized into an Asian
culture in relation to its high degree of influence, in addition, they have also been increasingly regarded as a
popular pastime and entertainment among Western countries and other parts of the world. Due to its influence
and popularity, the game has been adapted into a widespread online entertainment. Similar to the Western
card game rummy, Mah-jong is a game of skill, strategy, and calculation and involves a degree of chance.
This multiplayer Mah-jong game will be developed after ITS.
2.4.5  UNLIMITED WINNINGS AND WINNERS WELCOME POLICY
Successful bettors are often limited or banned by traditional casinos. Our business model is built on volumes
rather than margins, which means we will always welcome winners!
10                                                                                                                        www.betform.io / www.betformcoin.io




Betform 2018
2.5                                                                                                                    HOW BETFORM CAN BE SUSTAINABLE?
3% charges on winning
The income generated by Betform would be the 3% charges on winnings. The fee collected is for payment of
server charges, smart contract gas charges, casino licensing fee and other routine operation expenses. At the
end of every quarter, the smart contract will allocate 35% of the month’s earnings as bonus for top leaders in our
leadership board. This is our strategy to attract more players to play in our platform and therefore resulted in the
increase in revenue generated.
Smart Contracts will also automatically burn 5% of this commission. This will result in a decrease of the token
supply, driving up the value of the Betform Coin.
Token burning will end once 50% of all tokens distributed during the token sale has been burned.
More is less
We believe more is less. Therefore, we only providing three well-crafted and highly visual games after the ITS.
The three games are Texas Poker, Big 2 and In-Between. We will not be introducing poorly designed rushed
games simply to bolster contents.
Texas Hold'em Poker is one of the most famous variation of Poker at present and as well as the most popular
Poker game played online over the Internet with its easier mechanics to understand. All others are a bit more
complicated: in Omaha there are too many cards, in Stud games there are those weird rules about who acts
first on each street and the draw games are just way too weird and have the most complicated strategies (the
draw games were actually the most popular at the beginning of the 20th century). The learning basic strategy
of Texas Hold'em is probably much easier compared to other poker variations
Big 2 is very popular in East Asia and South East Asia, especially throughout China, Indonesia, Macau, Hong
Kong, Malaysia, Taiwan and Singapore. As illustrated in the market overview, Asia market accounted for
approximately 47% of the overall global games market.
In-Between is not very popular at casinos, but is often played in home Poker games as a break from Poker itself.
We offer this game to cater to the needs of average players as this is more as a game of chance. This could help
us to attract new players to the game and increase the demand of our Betform Coin.
With more players spending more times on a game, money follows
In Betform, we offer games cater for the needs from skilful players to average players. Our token holders have
the right to open a new room and invite their friends to participate in a new game with no cost. Thus, there would
be more new players joining our game and the Betform revenue will grow accordingly.
Business model built on volumes
Our business model is built on volumes rather than margins. We would be able to earn more commission when
more players are participating in our games.
2.6                                                                                                                    MARKETING PLAN
Best product/best offer is the key to success. In Betform, we provide an interactive and interesting multiplayers
game with ultimate transparency (Ethereum based smart contracts).
Our main marketing messages:
- Perfect gambling experience with smart phones or devices
11                                                                                                                     www.betform.io / www.betformcoin.io




Betform 2018
- Fully transparent casino based on Ethereum smart contract
- No casino edge as we are not participating in the game
We shall target gamblers who are already familiar with cryptocurrencies. Subsequently, we expect to attract a
large proportion of gamblers from traditional casinos. Most people are already furious from all of the drawbacks
that regular casinos have.
After the successful initial token sale, we will put a lot of focus into more product development, legal procedures
and capturing market share from other cryptocurrency casinos. After all of the preparation procedures of
Betform development and licensing, we will implement mass-scale marketing strategies. All marketing efforts
will be put in to attract people from cryptocurrency and traditional online casinos, in turn boosting the overall
popularity of cryptocurrencies and fair gambling.
3. INFORMATION ON OUR TEAM AND DEVELOPER
Co-Founder - Edward Yeoh
Mr. Edward Yeoh drives the overall Betform’s vision, strategy and growth and facilitating engagements between
Betform and other professionals. He is passionate about disrupting traditional business models using the block-
chain technologies. Edward draws upon fourteen years of professional experience in creating enterprise value
through IPO and corporate exercises such as reverse takeover and etc.; innovating new business models and
actively involving in fund raisings; brand positioning; and now using technology to translate traditional and
online casino into social betting platform where brings fun, privacy and transparency back to players. Before
Betfrom, Edward hold few top positions such as CFO or Group Financial Contoller in few listed companies. He
possesses strong financial control skills and rigorously ensuring that all statutory, corporate obligations as well
as compliances are met. Edward has a first class Bachelor Degree in Applied Accountancy from Oxford
Brookes University and he was also admitted as a fellow of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants
of UK in 2013.
Co-Founder - JW Lai
Mr. JW Lai, has keen strategic acumen, a stickler for strong metrics, and an innovative spirit. Passionate about
the importance and nuance of delivering great customer experience. A waterborne creature where he must
submerge into the depths of the ocean on a regular basis - but only to recreational dive limits.
CTO
Mr. Omega Yuen is the CTO in our team and is responsible for overseeing all technical aspects of the project. He
is an experienced technologist in software strategy, gaming design and development. Strong background with
emerging technologies and he is the one who gets it right in the mix. Omega possess the ability to combine
deep-dive know-how with vision, mentoring ability, and leadership to push teams forward. His career mainly
deliver these valuable things to every company’s he’s led: developing intuitive, scalable, network-centric
software; assembling high-calibre engineering and programming teams; and building a robust engineering
culture.
Smart contract and Dapp developer
Mr. Ravi Teja is an Innovative software engineer offering vast experience in the full software development life
cycle from concept through delivery of next-generation applications and customizable solutions. He's a professional
mean blockchain developer and early blockchain enthusiast. Currently, he is consulting for companies regarding
decentralized applications. For him, blockchain technology is a powerful tool to bring equal chances to developing
countries.
Community Manager - Nikolay Belyavsky
Nikolay Belyavsky is an experienced marketer with a history of success in both the B2C and B2B sectors. Skilled
in digital strategy, e-commerce, social media, and generally connecting people, he is now venturing into the
12                                                                                                                    www.betform.io / www.betformcoin.io




Betform 2018
crypto and gaming community. Nikolay is a perfect addition to the team.
Community Manager - Nikita Voronichev
Nikita Voronichev started career at marketing agency as a Bounty & communication manager, and supported
startups and developers communities . He is passionate about democratizing innovative technology and help-
ing ideas grow into real solutions through ICOs.
An award-winning game development team
Our game is developed by a highly skilled game development team. The team is committed to creating
game-changing software, management platforms and mobile apps. They have illustrators, creative conceptu-
al artists, 3D artists, graphic designers, writers, programmers and editors.
Their huge range of expertise enable them to prepare for any new development thrown to their way.
ICO advisor -
Giovanni Cassangrade
Giovanni is notable blockchain industry figurehead, growth hacker and he is a co-Founder of Black Marketing
Guru, a digital marketing and advertising startup based in Rimini, Italy. He is also an Icobench Top20 Expert and
advisors for multiple projects.
Graham Doggart
IT & Digital Technology Solutions Advisor, co-founder of DynamicAbundance.
Graham is the co-founder of Dynamic Abundance, a Blockchain & Fintech Advisory company with specialities
in helping businesses strategize, structure, package and manage their Blockchain related projects and ICOs.
In his career, he has worked as a strategic partner and marketing executive for several global businesses and
for more than 10 blockchain projects.
Graham is knowledgeable of and experienced in technical analysis solutions, digital strategies and a has built
up a strong network of industry specialists.
His rich list of investors, great advisors, partners, influencers and and experience in the development of Block-
chain projectsis poised to serve him in his role as ICO, Blockchain & Cryptocurrency Senior Advisor on the
Betform Advisory Board.
Giacomo Arcaro
Giacomo is one of the most important European Growth Hackers featured on the Financial Times, IlSole24Ore
and Los Angeles Times. Two Million+ exits with the startup CercaClienti.it and SocialAutomation.online. 2,000
satisfied customers, founder of Black Marketing Guru, ICOvision.io and Co-Founder of the biggest ICO market-
ing company with over 2.2M users: ICObooster.io
Giacomo has now been involved in the world of cryptocurrencies and ICOs for quite some time, establishing
himself as a veteran of the industry and a pioneer of its processes. Currently also working as an advisor for ICO
Vision and LCCX as well as a Black Marketing Guru, Giacomo has extensive experience in understanding the
specific requirements of a business regarding the models through which it can generate capital that allows it to
thrive in competitive environments.
13                                                                                                                  www.betform.io / www.betformcoin.io




Betform 2018
3.0                                                                                                                   Road Map
4.0                                                                                                                   Road Map (Cont’d)
5.0                                                                                                                   MOVING FORWARD
Betform aim to establish ourselves as decentralised social betting platform that offers players an equal chance
of winning against the other players and eliminating the banker in traditional online casinos.
After the initial token sales and obtaining gambling license, users will be able to play fully transparent games as
mentioned above. As our user base grows we will gradually add new games to our peer to peer social gaming
platform.
The development & business expansion strategy includes implementing new games on the platform to attract
wider range of users of mobile app; utilization of emerging technologies e.g. IOTA, Raiden Network to increase
efficiency and stay up-to date with market trends; and developing of new technologies to lower down the play-
ers’ transaction costs.
The ITS proceeds would allow us to hire more staff to accelerate the new game developments and also the
possibility of collaboration with other gaming companies.
14                                                                                                                    www.betform.io / www.betformcoin.io





