BULLCOIN
GOLD




Table of Contents
Disclaimer………………………………………………………………………………………………..….p1
Executive Summary…………………………………………………………………………..…………p6
Value Proposition……………………………………………………………………………………..….p9
Waves Platform……………………………………………………………………………………………p12
Performance of Cryptocurrencies…………………………………………………………….…..p16
Market Potential…………………………………………………………………………………….…….p18
Investment Portfolio……………………………………………………………………….……………p20
Bullcoin Gold ICO………………………………………………………………………….……………..p23
Token Distribution…………………………………………………………………………….……….…p26
Use of Funds………………………………………………………………………………………………..p27
Marketing Strategy……………………………………………………………………………….………p29
Portfolio Creation…………………………………………………………………………………………p31
Token Buyback……………………………………………………………………………………………..p33
Roadmap……………………………………………………………………………………..………………p35
Fund Managers……………………………………………………………………………..……………..p36
Advisors………………………………………………………………………………………..……………..p44
Bullcoin Gold




Disclaimer
PLEASE READ THIS DISCLAIMER SECTION CAREFULLY. IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO THE ACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE, YOU
SHOULD CONSULT YOUR LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX, OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S).
The information set forth below may not be exhaustive and does not imply any elements of a contractual relationship. While
we make every effort to ensure that any material in this whitepaper is accurate and up to date, such material in no way
constitutes the provision of professional advice.
Bullcoin Gold (BCG) does not guarantee, and accepts no legal liability whatsoever arising from or connected to, the accuracy,
reliability, currency, or completeness of any material contained in this white paper.
Investors and potential BCG token holders should seek appropriate independent professional advice prior to relying on or
entering into any commitment or transaction based on, material published in this white paper, which material is purely
published for reference purposes alone.
BCG tokens will not be intended to constitute securities in any jurisdiction. This whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus
or offer document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities or a solicitation for investment in
securities in any jurisdiction.
BCG does not provide any opinion on any advice to purchase, sell, or otherwise transact with BCG tokens and the fact of
presentation of this white paper shall not form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any contract or investment
decision.
No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment in relation to the sale and purchase of BCG
tokens, and no cryptocurrency or any other form of payment is to be accepted on the basis of this white paper.
Bullcoin Gold
p1




Disclaimer cont.
No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper. No such action has
been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The publication, distribution or
dissemination of this Whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules have been
complied with.
The Distributor of BCG is not under any obligation to provide payment of any sort including dividends, interests, profits to
Bullcoin token holders. BCG token holders are not under any liability with regard to the decisions made by the BCG
Distributor.
DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY
To the maximum extent permitted by the applicable laws, regulations and rules, BCG and/or the Distributor shall not be
liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including
but not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in connection with any
acceptance of or reliance on this Whitepaper or any part thereof by you.
NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
BCG and/or the Distributor does not make or purport to make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty or
undertaking in any form whatsoever to any entity or person, including any representation, warranty or undertaking in relation
to the truth, accuracy and completeness of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper.
Bullcoin Gold
p2




Disclaimer cont.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
By accessing and/or accepting possession of any information in this Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may be),
you represent and warrant to BCG or the Distributor as follows:
(a) you agree and acknowledge that the BCG tokens do not constitute securities in any form in any jurisdiction;
(b) you agree and acknowledge that this Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is
not intended to constitute an offer of securities in any jurisdiction or a solicitation for investment in securities and you are
not bound to enterinto any contract or binding legal commitment and no cryptocurrency or other form of payment is to be
accepted on the basis of this Whitepaper;
(c) you agree and acknowledge that no regulatory authority has examined or approved of the information set out in this
Whitepaper, no action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction and the
publication, distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper to you does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory
requirements or rules have been complied with;
(d) you agree and acknowledge that this Whitepaper, the undertaking and/or the completion of the Bullcoin Gold Initial Coin
Offering, or future trading of the BCG tokens on any cryptocurrency exchange, shall not be construed, interpreted or
deemed by you as an indication of the merits of the BCG and/or the Distributor, the BCG tokens, the Bullcoin Gold Initial
Coin Offering and the Waves Wallet (each as referred to in this Whitepaper);
Bullcoin Gold
p3




Disclaimer cont.
(e) the distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper, any part thereof or any copy thereof, or acceptance of the same by
you, is not prohibited or restricted by the applicable laws, regulations or rules in your jurisdiction, and where any restrictions
in relation to possession are applicable, you have observed and complied with all such restrictions at your own expense and
without liability to BCG and/or the Distributor;
(f) you agree and acknowledge that in the case where you wish to purchase any BCG tokens, the BCG tokens are not to be
construed, interpreted, classified or treated as:
(i) any kind of currency other than cryptocurrency;
(ii) debentures, stocks or shares issued by any person or entity (whether Bullcoin and/or the Distributor)
(i) rights, options or derivatives in respect of such debentures, stocks or shares;
(ii) rights under a contract for differences or under any other contract the purpose or pretended
purpose of which is to secure a profit or avoid a loss;
(iii) units in a collective investment scheme;
(iv) units in a business trust;
(v) derivatives of units in a business trust; or
(vi) any other security or class of securities.
Bullcoin Gold
p4




Disclaimer cont.
(g) you have a basic degree of understanding of the operation, functionality, usage, storage, transmission mechanisms and
other material characteristics of cryptocurrencies, blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets or other
related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart contract technology;
(h) you are fully aware and understand that in the case where you wish to purchase any BCG tokens, there are risks
associated with Bullcoin Gold and the Distributor and their respective business and operations, the BCG tokens, the Bullcoin
Gold Initial Coin Offering and the Waves Wallet (each as referred to in the Whitepaper);
(i) you agree and acknowledge that neither Bullcoin Gold nor the Distributor is liable for any indirect, special, incidental,
consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue, income
or profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in connection with any acceptance of or reliance on this Whitepaper or
any part thereof by you; and
(j) all of the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and non-misleading from the time of your
access to and/or acceptance of possession this Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may be).
Bullcoin Gold
p5




EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Bullcoin Gold
p6




Bullcoin Gold (BCG) is a cryptocurrency hedge fund token
created using the Waves platform. Funds collected from
the token distribution will be managed by a team of
experienced cryptocurrency fund managers with proven
track records in cryptocurrency investing. A project team
called the Bullcoin Foundation has been created to
manage the operations with regard to the distribution of
Bullcoin Gold tokens and the management of the Bullcoin
Gold investment fund.
This cryptocurrency hedge fund will have a diversified
portfolio of cryptocurrency assets that will minimize
investment risks and maximize returns for the token
holders. This diversified portfolio which contains more
than 50 cryptocurrencies will offer more opportunities to
make exponential gains and also limit the token holders’
risk exposure should any of these cryptocurrency projects
fail.
The market value of cryptocurrencies has soared
tremendously in recent years. Despite that, we are still in
the early stages of the development of blockchain
technology and we have not reached the stage of mass
adoption of cryptocurrencies yet.
Therefore, there is still a very great room for market
growth with regard to cryptocurrencies. The BCG fund
managers will do a thorough analysis of market conditions
and of the different blockchain projects on the market to
identify legitimate projects with great potential to deliver
high returns for the fund.
Bullcoin Gold
p7




To ensure worldwide adoption of BCG, the information
on the bullcoin.gold website and other future updates of
the BCG project will be translated to as many languages
as possible.
A percentage of the gains made from the fund
investments would be used to reinvest in BCG tokens
periodically. This is a mechanism that will lead to the price
appreciation of the token. The supply of BCG is limited to
21 million tokens. Additional BCG will not be issued.
Mass adoption of cryptocurrencies, the outstanding
performance of the BCG investment fund portfolio, the
growing demand and the limited supply of BCG are
factors that will lead to the continuous appreciation of the
market value of BCG.
Bullcoin Gold will become a worldwide store of value and
also a valuable medium of exchange in the future. The
Bullcoin Foundation aims to make Bullcoin Gold one of
the most well-known tokens in the industry and the
benchmark for tokenized investment funds.
Public distribution of Bullcoin Gold will be split into
various phases.
Bullcoin Gold
p8




VALUE PROPOSITION
Bullcoin Gold
p9




Bullcoin Gold is a cryptocurrency hedge fund token that allows token holders who lack the expertise, time and knowledge
to make stable gains in the volatile cryptocurrency market.
Experienced Managers
The BCG investment team is made of experienced
managers who have proven track records in
cryptocurrency investing and who can do detailed
analysis of market conditions and of the existing and
new projects in the industry.
Minimal Risk
The BCG investment team will use collected funds to
invest in more than 50 different cryptocurrencies.
This diversified portfolio would minimize the risks of
cryptocurrency investments since cryptocurrency
investing is high risk and carries  high volatility.
Buy low, sell high
Fund managers of the BCG project will thoroughly
analyse the existing and  upcoming project to identify
those that are legitimate with high potential. After
analyzing their recommendations, the investment
team would seek to acquire coins and tokens of such
projects at a low price and then hold the coins for
long-term appreciation.
Bullcoin Gold
p10




Worldwide Adoption
In order for people around the world to know BCG
and to buy BCG, they     need to have information in a
language that they comprehend. Hence,   information
of the BCG project will be translated into as many
languages as possible. This is a huge factor for
worldwide adoption.
Credibility
There are many projects in the industry whose
creators and developers are anonymous.
The identities of the members of the Bullcoin
Foundation are all revealed to the public. Members of
this Foundation are reputable professionals known in
the Blockchain industry.
The Bullcoin Foundation will also seek to obtain a
crypto hedge fund licence with the relevant
authorities. This gives assurance of the credibility of
the Bullcoin project team.
Bullcoin Gold
p11




WAVES PLATFORM
Bullcoin Gold
p12




Blockchain                                                   TransacBon   TransacBon   TransacBons   The BCG team has chosen the one of the fastest and the
PlaAorm                                                      Time         Cost         per Second
most decentralized blockchain platform, the Waves
platform to launch their token distribution.
Waves is a decentralized blockchain platform that focuses
on custom blockchain token operations. The Waves
platform is an outstanding platform that adheres to the
principle of decentralization.
BTC                                                          45 mins      $1.88        16
Waves uses a leasing proof-of-stake (LPOS) algorithm
which enables holders of Waves tokens to receive interest
when they stake their tokens to secure the network.
The Waves platform has a Decentralized Exchange (DEX)
on which transactions can be made quickly like a
ETH                                                          4.49 mins    $0.46        16
centralized exchange without the risks of losing your
assets to centralized exchange hacks because the assets
are stored on individual wallets. High commission fees on
centralized exchanges can be avoided because Waves
only charges a small-fixed commission per order.
The Waves Wallet is currently available in a number of
DASH                                                         15 mins      $0.39        10
devices. It can be accessed through the online client API,
the WavesLiteApp Chrome browser add-on, the IOS
Waves Wallet app, and the Android Waves Wallet app.
The availability of the Waves Wallet in these different
devices is a step towards mass adoption of
cryptocurrencies and a key to the success of the Bullcoin
LTC                                                          12 mins      $0.12        56
Gold project.
Bullcoin Gold
p13




Scalability is a concern for any blockchain that aims to be
enterprise-ready, and yet few crypto platforms have
addressed this satisfactorily. Bitcoin currently struggles
along with a capacity of around 3 transactions per second,
Blockchain                                                      TransacBon   TransacBon   TransacBons
with Ethereum managing 5 transactions per second.
PlaAorm                                                         Time         Cost         per Second
Obviously, such throughput is not enough to support the
mass adoption for which Waves was designed.
With the release of the new consensus algorithm update,
Waves-NG, the Waves platform is capable of supporting
more than 100 transactions per second with low
commission fees. This is far superior to most of the existing
WAVES                                                           1 second     $0.015       100           blockchain platforms whose transaction speeds are slow
and transaction fees are high and rising. With further
upgrades in the future, it would bring the  transaction
speed to around 1000 transactions per second.
Please refer to the following chart with regard to the
speed, transaction fees and transactions per second of the
various platforms.
Bullcoin Gold
p14




Waves is in partnership with Deloitte, one of the eBig Foure accounting organizations and the largest professional services
network in the world by revenue and number of professionals. Deloitte provides audit, tax, consulting, enterprise risk and
financial advisory services with more than 263,900 professionals globally. Deloitte will assist Waves in setting up a self-
regulatory body that will provide reporting, legal, tax f accounting, ghC and business due diligence standards for ICOs and
blockchain  industry. The  Bullcoin  Foundation  supports  the  setting  up  of such  a  self-regulatory for the  protection  of
cryptocurrency investors.
After analyzing the various options on the blockchain industry, the Bullcoin Foundation has chosen to launch their token
distribution through the Waves platform due to the many advantages that the platform gives to the Foundation and to the
token holders.
Bullcoin Gold
p15




PERFORMANCE OF
CRYPTOCURRENCIES
Bullcoin Gold
p16




The following chart shows the percentage gains of the various cryptocurrencies from 1 ianuary 2017 until 17 December 2017.
Cryptocoin                                                                                                                   Jan 1, 2017 (USD)   17 December 2017 (USD)   Percentage Increase (%)
Bitcoin (BTC)                                                                                                                993.90              18868.60                 1898.44
Ethereum (ETH)                                                                                                               8.26                692.05                   8378.33
Ripple (XRP)                                                                                                                 0.00638             0.764328                 11946.36
LiteCoin (LTC)                                                                                                               4.51                300.29                   6658.31
DASH                                                                                                                         11.12               931.31                   8375.09
NEM                                                                                                                          0.003452            0.637273                 18460.98
NEO                                                                                                                          0.14184             48.08                    33897.35
As we can see in the chart above, these market value of these cryptocurrencies increases exponentially over about a year.
This illustrates the great interest in cryptocurrency investment at the moment. The BCG project team is confident that
Bullcoin Gold will replicate the exponential increase in market value that the above cryptocurrencies have made.
Bullcoin Gold
p17




MARKET POTENTIAL
Bullcoin Gold
p18




Size compared to
Asset Class                                                 Value (USD)
cryptocurrencies
Cryptocurrency is the fastest growing asset class in the
world. As of 19 December 2017, the market cap of all
cryptocurrencies combined is around 616 billion US
Cryptocurrencies                                            616 billion                                                 -              dollars. Nevertheless, there is still a lot of room for growth
as more and more people invest in cryptocurrencies.
Please refer to the following comparison chart to have a
view of how big the cryptocurrency market cap is
Gold                                                        7.8 trillion                                                12.66 Bmes     compared to the other asset classes.
It is evident that the cryptocurrency market cap is tiny
when compared to other asset classes.
Global Stock
7.3 trillion                                                11.85 Bmes
We can expect the cryptocurrency value to grow
Market
exponentially when it goes mainstream in the coming
years and institutions and businesses adopt blockchain
Narrow Money                                                technology. The great underlying potential bodes well for
36.8 trillion                                               59.74 Bmes
(easy access money)                                         the Bullcoin project which mainly invests in
cryptocurrencies.
With greater adoption of blockchain technology, more
Broad Money                                                 90.4 trillion                                               146.75 Bmes
funds flowing in from institutional investors and private
investors into the cryptocurrency market, active
marketing and advertising of the Bullcoin Gold brand,
exceptional performance of the BCG investment fund, the
Global Real Estate                                          217 trillion                                                352.27 Bmes
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Bullcoin project team is confident that Bullcoin Gold will
                                                                                                                                                                                                        become one of the most valuable cryptocurrencies in the
                                                                                                                                       market.
Global DerivaBve                                            544 trillion to                                             883.12 to
Market                                                      1.2 quadrillion                                             1948.05 Bmes
Bullcoin Gold
p19




INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO
Bullcoin Gold
p20




The BCG hedge fund will be invested in a diversified portfolio of cryptocurrencies that will minimize risks and maximum
returns for token holders. The following are some of the assets the portfolio will contain. This is not an exhaustive list of the
assets in the portfolio. The percentage of investment in each cryptocurrency will be determined by current market conditions
and current market price.
Cryptocoin                                                                                                                          DescripBon
Bitcoin (BTC)                                                                                                                       The Father of all cryptocurrencies. Phenomenal growth since coin creaBon.
A blockchain plaAorm to launch smart contracts.
Ethereum (ETH)
Most IniBtal Coin Offerings (ICOs) were launched using the Ethereum network.
A hard fork for Bitcoin. Faster transacBon speeds and greater scalability than Bitcoin.
Bitcoin Cash (BCC)
Increasing in popularity.
Litecoin (LTC)                                                                                                                      Technically idenBcal to Bitcoin. Higher transacBon speed.
One of the fastest cryptocurrencies that enables banks to make remidance at faster speeds
Ripple (XRP)
and at a much lower cost. Gaining wide adopBon by many banks worldwide.
IOTA is focused on providing secure communicaBons and payments between machines on the
IOTA
internet. Recently, IOTA entered into a partnership with Microsoe and have grown quickly.
An open-source peer-to-peer cryptocurrency that offers instant and private transacBons. Has
Dash
one of the most acBve Altcoin communiBes.
Bullcoin Gold
p21




Cryptocoin                                                                                    DescripBon
Cardano is developing a smart contract plaAorm which seeks to deliver more advanced
Cardano (ADA)
features than any protocol previously developed. First plaAorm to use scienBfic philosophy.
A new blockchain architecture that scales to millions of transacBons per second, eliminates
EOS
user fees and allows for quick and easy deployment of decentralized applicaBons.
Stellar is an open-source protocol for exchanging money.
Stellar (XLM)
Has partnered with IBM to increase the speed of global payments.
Dubbed “The Chinese Ethereum”, it enables the issuing of smart contracts. It also supports
NEO
decentralized commerce idenBficaBon and digitalizaBon of assets.
Waves is a decentralized blockchain plaAorm focusing on custom blockchain token
Waves
operaBons. Decentralized token exchange facilitates fundraising, crowdfunding and trading.
Bullcoin Gold
p22




BULLCOIN GOLD ICO
Bullcoin Gold
p23




Initial Coin Offering (ICO) is a means by which the Bullcoin Foundation will raise the investment funds and to raise funds to
sponsor our project activities. This would include obtaining crypto hedge fund licence, translation, marketing campaigns to
create awareness for the project, developing the core team and improving our tech ecosystem.
21 million BCG tokens are issued through the Waves platform.
There will be no additional issuance of Bullcoins in the future.
The number of tokens for sale during the Bullcoin Gold ICO are as follows
Hard cap: 5 million tokens
We are offering investors the opportunity to obtain Bullcoin Gold tokens at a cheaper rate in its early stage before
it gets listed on major exchanges.
Early investors can obtain BCG tokens for as low as j0.8 which is at a 20k discount of market price
The ICO will commence on 20 ianuary 2018 at 9 am (GMTl8)
The ICO will end on 20 February 2018 at 9 am (GMTl8) or when the hard cap is reached.
Investors can follow the instructions on the BCG website (www.bullcoin.gold) and then acquire Bullcoin Gold on
the Decentralized Exchange   (DEX) found on the Waves Wallet. Bullcoin Gold can be obtained by using Waves and
other major cryptocurrencies to exchange on the DEX.
Remaining tokens after the ICO will be sold through various channels at market prices.
Bullcoin Gold
p24




Because BCG is a new asset on the Waves platform, Bullcoin Gold can be found only by entering the follow
identifier on DEX.
Identifier: 88FhqNzTLAhmzdapjpFL9GkP8Wx9qBzFTksTdRAwkoWS
Funds contributed will be valued according to the prices on the exchange for the individual cryptocurrencies.
For alternative payment options, please contact:
mailnbullcoin.gold
Bullcoin Gold
p25




Bullcoin Founda>on
30%
70%                  Public
TOKEN DISTRIBUTION
Bullcoin Gold
p26




USE OF FUNDS
Bullcoin Gold
p27




Most of the funds collected from the token contribution will form the investment fund. The remainder of the collected funds
will be used for marketing and to cover the expenses of the Bullcoin Foundation. Please refer to the following chart with
regard to the allocated use of the collected funds.
Project Team
5%
Marke>ng
Expenses
5%
5k of the funds collected will be
allocated to maintain the
expenses of the Bullcoin project
team. The following are some of
the areas the funds would be
used:
o Staff salaries
o Translation expenses
o Obtaining of crypto hedge
90%
fund licence
o Office rent
o Website and server expenses
Investment Fund
Bullcoin Gold
p28




MARKETING STRATEGY
Bullcoin Gold
p29




Marketing is very vital for every project especially one like Bullcoin Gold. Our project cannot be successful if no one knows
of the opportunity we are presenting to investors. Part of the funds generated from our token sale will be reinvested into
creating more awareness for the project.
We have drawn a marketing strategy to enable us to get this project to the ears of crypto investors.
Targeted advertisement across social media platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc.
Press releases on cryptocurrency blogs, forums, and several online communities
Listing on ICO directories
Video promotion on video marketing platforms such as Facebook and houTube.
Reach out to houTubers with huge subscribers to help spread the news about the project.
Translation of marketing information into multiple languages and actively marketing the Bullcoin brand on the
different platforms of the various languages.
Bullcoin Gold
p30




PORTFOLIO CREATION
Bullcoin Gold
p31




Funds collected from the sale of Bullcoin Gold tokens will be invested in a diversified portfolio of high-potential
cryptocurrencies identified by the fund managers of the Bullcoin Foundation. The following are some of the processes the
fund managers will go through when creating the portfolio.
Study and analyze the existing cryptocurrencies on the market
Rating a list of hundreds of cryptocurrencies according to factors like project team, utility, market demand, market
competition and etc
Making specific portfolio recommendations with details like substantiating reasons for investment and
recommended percentage of allocation.
Bullcoin Gold
p32




TOKEN BUYBACK
Bullcoin Gold
p33




The Bullcoin Foundation will be constantly monitoring the growth of the investment fund. Every quarter, the Foundation will
analyze the portfolio and convert a portion of the investment gains to give back to the token holders in the form of a token
buyback on the Waves Decentralized Exchange. Remaining funds will be used for continuous investment to grow the Fund.
The amount to give back to token holders will vary from 15k to 30k depending on portfolio gains.
The Bullcoin Foundation will use funds from the investment gains to make offers on the Waves Decentralized
Exchange with prices exponentially higher than current prices of the Bullcoin Gold token on various exchanges.
Token holders can sell back their Bullcoin Gold tokens for Waves tokens.
Bullcoin Gold
p34




Apr. 2018                                             End of 2018
Translapon of markepng informapon                     Annual meepng to discuss past
into the top 10 spoken languages                      year porqolio performance and to
discuss the coming year’s porqolio
allocapon
Mar. 2018
Crypto hedge fund license secured
Preparapon of markepng campaign in
2019
iapanese, Chinese and gorean markets.
Execute markepng campaign                             Integrapon of Bullcoin into major social networking
systems apps worldwide
Translapon of markepng informapon into another
10 widely spoken languages
Feb. 2018
Creapng investment porqolio
Start of investments
2020
Lispngs on various exchanges
Applicapon to obtain crypto
Integrapon of Bullcoin into major social networking
Hedge fund license
systems apps worldwide
Translapon of markepng informapon into another
10 widely spoken languages
Jan. 2018
Increase Bullcoin Foundapon Core team members
Start ICO
Dec. 2017                                             2021
Building website and social media channels.
                                                      Bullcoin Gold becomes one of the top 10
Complete Whitepaper
                                                      cryptocurrencies in terms of market cap
Start markepng campaign for ICO
ROADMAP
Bullcoin Gold
p35




FUND MANAGERS
Bullcoin Gold
p36




Nicholas Foo (Founder & Fund Manager)
Nicholas is the founder of the Bullcoin Gold project. He is a well-travelled mulplingual entrepreneur in the cryptocurrency
and tea industries. Nicholas worked as a translator and is able to translate between English, Chinese and iapanese. He has
connecpons in about 200 countries and this will help to bring about worldwide adoppon of Bullcoin Gold. Nicholas is familiar
with the direrent projects on the cryptocurrency market and he is constantly updapng himself about the developments in
the blockchain industry. He is a devout Chrispan who strives to live by high moral standards.
Nicholas has gained the trust of many of his fellow believers and people outside his faith including members of the Bullcoin
Foundapon. Nicholas has assembled a team of experts in the blockchain, cryptocurrency and snancial industries to join the
Bullcoin Foundapon. Together with his fellow Bullcoin Foundapon members, Nicholas is determined to make Bullcoin Gold
one of the most valuable cryptocurrencies in the industry.
Link:hdps://www.linkedin.com/in/nicholas-foo-28973212a/
Bullcoin Gold
p37




Petro Levchenko (Investment Strategy Advisor)
Petro Levchenko is a discreponary investment manager and consultant, specialising in cryptocurrencies and blockchain.
Having spent nearly a decade trading tradiponal currencies and currency derivapves for investment banks with an
outstanding track record of performance as well as managing teams of traders, Petro has been focusing on acpve proprietary
investment strategies in crypto space and acpve consulpng for a few years.
Petro has worked as a senior currencies trader at RBS, and managed teams of traders across regions as a Director at BNP
Paribas and Credit Suisse. In addipon to his tradiponal background, he has extensive experience in algorithmic trading as well
as successful porqolio management experience on the buy-side.
Link: hdps://www.linkedin.com/in/petro-levchenko-13553a107/
Bullcoin Gold
p38




Ahmed Elabbady (Fund Manager)
Ahmed Elabbady is the founder and Chief Execupve Otcer of Cryptocurrency Investment Group, based in the USA. With
more than 18 years of extensive experience in the snancial sector including holding mulpple leadership roles with US Bank,
Wells Fargo, and BMO Harris. Ahmed also spent pme working in Dubai, UAE where he founded Advisen Group, the mother
company of sve companies: Advisen Internaponal Commerical Brokers, Advisen Real Estate, Advisen General Trading,
Advisen Home Loans, and Advisen Legal Consultancy. Ahmed is an extremely high energy and innovapve leader who leads
with a high degree of integrity, dedicapon, and honesty.
Ahmed graduated from the University of Minnesota and also holds an MBA. In his free pme he loves watching sports
including basketball and American football, collecpng sports memorabilia, travelling, and spending pme with his family.
Link: hdps://www.linkedin.com/in/ahmed-elabbady-mba-687b1438/
Bullcoin Gold
p39




Dr Nicholas Marc Francis (Fund Manager)
Dr Francis is an experienced muant Futures Trader and Fund manager with a 7-year posipve live trading track record
developing and managing end-to-end trading plaqorms incorporapng his own ground breaking trading algorithms. He has a
wealth of experience in managing hedge funds and creapng novel trading systems. At VCM Fund Management, Dr Francis
produced a gross return of 59k in 31 months at VCM. His outstanding performance in managing the systemapc macro fund
earned him a runner-up place for best newcomer during the Hedge Funds Review Awards 2009. Unpl recently, Dr Francis
was a systemapc porqolio manager at Satori Capital LLP (Ug) responsible for all aspects of operapons and trading, achieving
gross return of 38k over 35 months.
Since he entered cryptocurrency trading, Dr Francis is constantly researching and analysing the direrent cryptocurrencies on
the market. He has created a novel strategy for trading cryptocurrencies that show a signiscant improvement over buy-and-
hold strategy (risk:return rapo approx 2.5 pmes improved). Dr Francis has a cryptographic background whilst working in
military research and he is seeking to leverage his experience in this seld as well as his trading experience in this project.
Link: hdps://www.linkedin.com/in/nick-francis-73542a6/
Bullcoin Gold
p40




Ruslan Kuchma (Fund Manager)
Mr guchma has been working in the snancial sector for more than 10 years. Since 2005 Mr. guchma dealt with securipes
issue of direrent enterprises, trading at the stock exchange at ulosed ioint Stock Company vInterconpnentbankw, gyiv. Then,
since 2017 he supervised dealerships with direrent securipes and was responsible for organized the private invespng
department at the ulosed ioint Stock Company xSwedbank Investy, gyiv. Since 2008 Mr. guchma worked as Asset Manager
in the company gSG zgro. gSG zgro is one of the largest verpcally integrated agricultural Groups in the Ukraine. Now, he
specializes in asset management of private investors.
He trades in direrent snancial markets: stocks, forex and cryptocurrencies. In his work he is guided by the fundamentals of
technical analysis: levels of support and resistance and graphic pa{erns. Mr. guchma on average promises a return on equity
for his investors about 100k per annum in the foreign exchange market.
Link: hdps://www.linkedin.com/in/lefevreprofit/
Bullcoin Gold
p41




Andre Snyman (Fund Manager)
Andre is a full-pme trader. He started trading in 2004 at BVG Pretoria and has been trading full pme in various markets. He
has trading experience in equity markets, commodity trading, managing hedge funds, forex trading and cryptocurrency
trading.
He has over thirteen years of experience in trading direrent markets. He is a director at BVG Schweizer where they are also
assispng clients in speculapve posipons and helping them to balance their porqolio to achieve their desired annual growth.
He is always seeking to work in a challenging environment and to grow to achieve his goals and get addiponal knowledge
where his experience and accounpng skills will be further developed and uplized. He is a founding director at Incrypto.
Incrypto is achieving growth of 1000kl in cryptocurrencies for their clients
Link: hdps://www.linkedin.com/in/andre-snyman-315a1b148/
Bullcoin Gold
p42




Resley Cassaro (Fund Manager)
Resley is a cryptocurrency trader, researcher and analyst. He is a mulplingual (English, German, Portuguese, Spanish and
Italian) professional with extensive internaponal background across mulpple wealth management, FX electronic broking and
trading plaqorms and project management, having worked for large mulpnaponal snancial services corporapons in various
countries.
Almost 10 years’experience as a Project Manager and Relaponship/Account Manager. Renowned for delivering complex
client relapons and solupons, business development, and strategic inipapves on schedule and within budget.
Accustomed to develop personnel and engaged key stakeholders to drive high-level performance and excepponal customer
service that creates compeppve advantage.
Link: hdps://www.linkedin.com/in/resley/
Bullcoin Gold
p43




ADVISORS
Bullcoin Gold
p44




Benjamin Edward Kraus (Advisor)
Benjamin graus is the founder, CEO, and Chairman of the Board to graus Industries. He advises the United Napons on
digital currencies and blockchain technology.  In 2015, he was invited to the United Napons Economic Business Advisory
Council.
In 2013 graus Industries became the 13th largest miner and creator of Bitcoins in the world surpassing all compeptors in
South East Asia. As part of BTC Guild mining cooperapve, it temporarily achieved 51k control of the Bitcoin network
through strategic early investments in SHA-256 ASIC technology for Bitcoin mining.
In 2014, recognized for his early achievements and contribupons, he was accepted by the United Grand Lodge of England
and became a Freemason at the age of 25.
Link: LinkedIn.com/in/bekraus
Bullcoin Gold
p45




Dawid Kustra (Advisor)
Dawid gustra is the co-founder of CryptoCurrency World Expo and COO at Travvil Project. Dawid gustra for 5 years held
the posipon of Managing Director, Foreign Markets Department in IDMSA | public listed and one of the largest investment
banking brokerage house in Poland, when he acted as a strategic decision maker in the development of both forex and asset
management services.
Dawid gustra was responsible for Sales team and Dealing Room Department. A}er he le} IDMSA he was co-founder, Vice
President and Head of Sales at Solupon Partners, the company that manages the Closed-end Investment Fund ~Solupon
ONEy~focused on FX and CFD’s instruments.
Link: hdps://www.linkedin.com/in/dawid-kustra-aa53a854/
Bullcoin Gold
p46




Lukasz Paszkiewicz (Advisor)
Mr Paszkiewicz began his professional career as a lawyer in Weil, Gotshal and Manges. For 10 years he worked in First
Internaponal Traders Dom Maklerski SA as Chairman of the Management Board when he conducted the licensing process by
the FSA without using the external law srm. Since 2014 he was Regional Director in CFH Group (CFH Clearing, CFH
Systems) when he was responsible for Poland and Middle/East European Countries.
Mr Paszkiewicz also has great consultancy experience. He cooperated in various projects with such companies like:
Swissquote, Velocity, Plutus Group, TERA FX. Mr Paszkiewicz is the co-Founder of the Cryptocurrency World Expo.
Link: hdps://www.linkedin.com/in/łukasz-paszkiewicz-501623b/
Bullcoin Gold
p47




Ken Tachibana (Advisor)
gen Tachibana is a partner of Meiwa LLC which is the largest OTC wholesale cryptocurrency market-maker
and owns the largest OTC wholesale cryptocurrency exchange in iapan. Meiwa LLC has assisted a number of
business partners to conduct outstanding ICOs with involvement in various stages from seed financing, pre-
ICO funding, worldwide ICO marketing to post-ICO implementation which includes completing engineering
and development, business development and retained executive search. Mr Tachibana has served as an
advisor to leading ICOs including Pundi X, InsurePal, Flux, Thrivelabs and lendo.io.
Mr Tachibana brings immeasurable financial, business and technology skills and experience to the Bullcoin
Gold project. Mr Tachibana worked in the Bank of America Corporate Finance and Treasury Department. He
has deep Silicon Valley/Southern California high-tech experiences including co-founding Blockchain and fiat-
based cryptocurrency startup Digifund based in LA. He was senior manager of Netscape Communications/
AOL Time Warner as well as a board member of a technology holding company of London, DTM Global
Holdings Ltd which will go public in the near future.
Over the years, Mr Tachibana has developed a sense of where the smart money is going and enjoys further
facilitating that movement. His approach has been sharpened in its rigour by his business teaching
experiences as former lecturer of UC Berkeley Haas School of Business MBA/Executive Programs and
Stanford.
Link: hdps://www.linkedin.com/in/kentachibana/
Bullcoin Gold
p48




Frank Zheng (Advisor)
Frank   heng is the chief economist of the World Blockchain Organization. He is also the financial advisory of
private placement and ICO in the Asian market. In addition, he also works at the managing director of the
Caribbean Institute of Blockchains Industry which is a cryptocurrency project incubator and blockchain angel
investment entity.
Frank has almost 20 years in the technological investment industry throughout China. He attended the
Technical University of Berlin for computer science and Huazhong University of Science and Technology for
applied artificial intelligence.
Link: hdps://www.linkedin.com/in/frank-zheng-52264a44/
Bullcoin Gold
p49




BULLCOIN
GOLD





