Whitepaper the EcoStart project
EcoStart
Public distributed cryptographic platform
for creating applications and software solutions
on an open blockchain for supporting
environmental and nature protection projects
Site:eco-start.com
Email: terra@eco-start.com
Telegram: https://t.me/ecostart2018
1




Содержание проекта
1. Introduction ...                                                                                        ..3
1.1. How much do we invest in ecology? ...                                                                 .3
1.2. How much should we invest in ecology? ...                                                             ...3
1.3. Who will give money to improve the environment? ...                                                   ...3
1.4. Why the block in the EcoStart project? ...                                                            ...4
2. A brief summary of the project ...                                                                      ...4
3. Our understanding of the situation and market analysis ...                                              ..7
3.1. Relevance project ...                                                                                 .7
3.2. Market analysis. Financial institutions investing in the environment...                               ..8
3.3. The amount of funding and requirements for projects financed by traditional institutions. ..          ...9
3.4. Problems of the traditional system of investment of environmental projects. ..                        ..1 0
4. Project advantages ...                                                                                  ...1 0
4.1. The amount of funding and requirements for projects financed by traditional institutions. ..          .11
4.2. What will the Ecostart platform benefit users? ...                                                    ..1 2
5. Ecostart Ecosystem ...                                                                                  ..1 3
5.1 Project architecture ...                                                                               .13
5.2. Crypto currency TerraEcocoin ...                                                                      ..1 3
5.3. Decentralized investment ecological fund (IEF) ...                                                    ...1 7
5.4 Fundraising application as a service for creating registered digital tokens - Token Generation Event
(TGE) ...                                                                                                  .19
5.5. Cryptomessenger. ..                                                                                   ...2 2
5.6. Service for examination, recommendations and formation of ratings of trust and reputation. ..         .23
5.8 Annex - Aerospace monitoring ...                                                                       ..2 4
5.9. Open API ...                                                                                          ...2 6
5.10. Description of the platform and the interaction of its elements                                      ...2 6
6. Initial Coin Offering (ICO)                                                                             ...2 7
6.1. Conditions for pre-ICO and ICO ...                                                                    ..2 8
6.2. Structure of pre-ICO and ICO ...                                                                      ...2 8
6.3. Issue and use of TER tokens ...                                                                       ...3 0
6.4 Crowdsale ...                                                                                          ...3 1
6.5. Offers ...                                                                                            ...3 2
7. RoadMap ...                                                                                             ...3 2
8. The Team ...                                                                                            ..3 3
9. Consultants ...                                                                                         ...3 5
10. Partners ...                                                                                           ...3 7
11. Terms and conditions ...                                                                               .37
2




1. Introduction
We compare nature to the mother, who always provides us, although the relationship
with the planet turned out to be much more complicated. Perhaps nature is not our
mother, but our creditor, and under the law of commodity-money relations, she will
demand to repay the debt. And the time for repayment of loans has already come.
Intense forest fires resulting indicate that Mother Nature is raging.
Savings on the environment led to the fact that the environment has become dangerous
to our health. If we do not invest in environmental protection now, then, according to
scientists, we are inevitably waiting for a global planetary collapse, which will force the
inhabitants of the planet to invest all funds for the restoration of nature or leave the
planet, for example, to Mars. Will there be an opportunity for all of us to fly away?
The laws by which nature operates have always been, and only now people have
practically realized the scale of the disaster, they are trying to do something to resurrect
the almost lost, to correct the spoiled, to prevent the further destruction of nature. And
only we, all together, must and can preserve our planet and build a safer world for our
and future generations.
«If our generation does not do the impossible, waiting for us unthinkable»
Petra Kelly
1.1. How much do we invest in ecology?
Particle "eco" in the word "ecology" in translation from ancient Greek means "home".
How much money do the owners send to maintain their household? A good owner
spends much more than 1-2% of the family budget for keeping the house clean and
beautiful. But if it comes to the fact that our home is the whole Earth, then we are sending
too little money into the care of our global home; we assign ourselves much more than
we give in return. Currently, investments in ecology make up only 1% of GDP.
1.2. How much should we invest in ecology?
According to environmental experts, to stabilize the environmental situation at the
current level, it is required to spend at least 3% of GDP, to improve it - at least 4% of
GDP, for a radical change - at least 5% of GDP. Thus, investments in the environment
should increase by 3-5 times!
1.3. Who will give money to improve the environment?
Those who are always, that is, we are all together. One thing must be taken into account:
money is dispersed among us unevenly and not everyone likes to share with the
environment. As a result, money, as always, is not enough. But now there is another
source of assets - the Cryptocurrency.
Our team is developing the startup Ecostart on the technology of blockchain, which will
make its modest contribution to the preservation of our planet using a fundraising
3




platform and an ecological lottery. Part of the money from the lottery will be used to
finance environmental projects. The main core of the EcoStart platform will be the new
crypto currency - TerraEcocoin. Part of the commission from the transactions of this
crypto currency will be transferred to the Investment Environmental Fund (IEF) for the
subsequent financing of environmental (green) projects. Many a little makes a mickle
for nature!
1.4. Why the blockchain in the EcoStart project?
Creation of the own cryptocurrency TerraEcocoin (ticker TECO), when generating
it, the Proof-of-Importance algorithm is used. Blockchain, as a protected digital registry,
will ensure safe storage and transmission of TECO. We draw your attention to the fact
that the popularity of the digital currency is growing every year. More and more people
are discovering its advantages over traditional money. It ceases to be an exclusively
exchange-traded asset and begins to be perceived as a full-fledged payment instrument.
Tokenization of the process of financing environmental projects using the Token
Generation Event (TGE) service to create derivative tokens and smart contracts for each
project (startup). The use of blockchain in this service excludes intermediaries between
investors and financial applicants, simplifies access to investment services and attracts
cryptocurrency owners in the investment process.
Reputation  management.  Gives  users  with  the  opportunity  to  jointly  influence
reputation and ratings, use them and collect feedback. This is especially important with
decentralized funding.
Expert assessments. Gives credentials to expert assessments on projects (startups),
platform participants, providing secure acknowledgments.
Cybersecurity. For the financial system - the most important property. The blockchain
will provide more reliable protection in comparison with traditional technologies.
Thanks to the socialization of the Internet and using the EcoStart platform, every owner
of the cryptocurrency will have the opportunity not only to provide cryptocurrency support
to  environmental  projects,  but  also  by  investing  in                                    “green”  startups  and  creating
masternods to confirm TECO transactions and receive a stable income.
The Ecostart platform will unite all the subjects of the ecological eco-community on a
common online site, which will make it easier for users:
- search for a target audience for environmental projects,
- collection of funds for their investment,
- coordination of volunteer activities,
- formation of real ratings of environmental participants ecocommunity,
- get feedback.
2. A brief summary of the project
4




EcoStart is a blockchain-based public distributed cryptographic platform.
The core of the platform is the TECO cryptocurrency, which is generated using
The essence of                                                                         the Proof-of-Importance algorithm.
the project                                                                            EcoStart will be a reliable platform for creating applications for funding in “green”
projects, in the sphere of ecology and sharing the economy.
Our  goal  is  to  increase  investment  in  green  projects  and  tokenization  of
investment activities.
EcoStart Blockchain has all the necessary characteristics for this:
  Fast transactions about 100 thousand transactions per second;
  Mobility;
  Transparency;
  Democracy;
  Lack of intermediaries;
  Energy-saving verification protocol (up to 100 times less than for Bitcoin)
  Low transaction cost;
  Smart contracts with new advanced features and tools for creating it.
a. Insufficient financing of ecological activities, as another tool for collecting
money to finance ecological measures, including global ones:
- problems of ecological pollution;
What problems
- problems of the greenhouse effect;
does the
- destruction of the ozone layer
project solve?
b. Increase mutual trust between the initiators of ecological projects and investors
from.
c.Increase of ecological activity and society
Create a global ecological ecosystem to finance projects to address ecological
problems of the planet:
Provide an opportunity for companies to raise capital to finance their ecological
projects and start-ups in a more efficient, economical and secure way than the
currently available classical tools;
Provide investors and sponsors with direct access to initiators, companies and
Project                                                                                start-ups implementing their ecological projects;
Objectives
To stimulate ecological and sanitary activism and development of the population's
initiative;
Attracting the attention  of  civil society,  the media, business community and
municipal and regional authorities to ecological issues;
Promoting volunteerism and sponsorship in
ecological sphere
- Creation of a global investment ecological fund;
Strategic                                                                              - Development of tools and financial models for the examination of ecological
objectives of                                                                          projects and determining the possibilities and amount of their investment, etc.;
the project                                                                            - Creation of an effective mechanism for promoting "green" principles in society
                                                                                       and business.
                                                                                       The platform includes the following modules:
Functionality                                                                          1.  Fundraising application  - service for creating registered digital tokens for
and values of                                                                          financing any ecological (green) project, approved by Ecostart experts;
the platform                                                                           2. Creation of the own crypto-currency TerraEcocoin with the Proof-of-Importance
(POI)
3. Cryptomessenger, built on P2P technology (peer-to-peer);
5




4.Investment ecological fund on financing of "green" projects.
5.System of expertise and recommendations (formation of trust ratings).
6.Open API
7. The application for space monitoring of the earth's surface for the detection of
garbage dumps
8.  The  motivation  system  (incentives)  of  volunteers,  initiators  of  ecological
projects and their investors
9. Ecological lottery. At the same time, 50% of the funds remaining after the
payment of winnings and operating costs will be sent to the investment ecological
fund.
                                                                                                                                                                            Ecostart is a public platform with an open API, with built-in support for additional
Market position                                                                          applications  for  it                                                              (including  cryptocurrency).  Ready  to  integrate  with  any
                                                                                         ecological programs and deploy applications on the platform
To achieve consensus in a distributed Ecostart network blockchain technology is
used, and to protect the blocks from forgery, the Proof-of-Importance method is
used. For users, a standalone web application will be developed that you can use
Technology                                                                               locally on your computer, or online.
For developers, it is planned to have an API and open sources under a free
license, an open database of transactions
Blockchain EcoStart has the following features:
EcoStart Blockchain has the following features:
• High transaction processing speed  - about  100 thousand transactions per
Technology                                                                               second;
Capabilities                                                                             • The minimum transaction processing time is 1/100 second;
• Low transaction cost;
• Smart contracts with new advanced features and tools for its creation;
• Energy saving verification protocol (up to 100 times less than for Bitcoin)
The main users  - consumers of this service are all active segments of the
population  and  socially-oriented  business  circles,  as  well  as  municipal  and
regional authorities:
Consumer                                                                                 1.Municipal communities - on the one hand as subjects of pollution of nature, on
market                                                                                   the other hand, as "customers" of ecological (green) projects
segments                                                                                 2. Specially protected natural areas (reserves, national parks, etc.)
3. Ecological start-ups and companies implementing ecological projects
4. Socially responsible business (investors)
5. Non-profit organizations, environmental activists and environmental societies
The  most  promising  environmental  projects,  based  on  the  principles  of
blockchain:
Green Earth
Earth Token
Competitive                                                                              Eco Coin
environment                                                                              The Earth Dollar
Carbon Coin
Ecotoken
All these projects are designed for certain areas of environmental activities, do
not look like the EcoStart project and competitors are not.
The core of the project is TerraEcocoin cryptocurrency (TECO). Factors for its
growth are as follows:
  Unique algorithms for creating and protecting blocks that
Market
require less electricity (up to 100 times) than with normal mining and blocks will
evaluation
be generated much faster (up to 10 times);
  Connecting the ecological community to popularization
                                                                                         6




TECO cryptocurrencies
  Network effect (see next item)
We assume that by analogy with the law of Reed's Law that the usefulness of
large networks can exponentially scale with the size of the network, the growth
Network effect                                                                                  in the capitalization of the EcoStart platform is also subject to this law. In the
and potential                                                                                   ecosystem of EcoStart, participants can not only interact with each other, but also
capitalization of                                                                               create their own tokens, which will lead to the emergence of new communities
the EcoStart                                                                                    within the ecosystem of EcoStart  (the company within the company), so the
platform.                                                                                       capitalization (C) of the EcoStart platform can be proportional to K ~ 2n "N is the
number  of  participants"),  and  not  directly  in  proportion  to  the  number  of
participants.
1.Eco Angel Group Comprehensive audit of the current state of the business or
project in the environmental field https://ecoangel.group/
2. GO Authentic. Eco-friendly studio GO Authentic, created by Olya Glagoleva.
https://www.instagram.com/go_authentic_/
Our                                                                                             3. Lorett ENGINEERING COMPANY Interdisciplinary project laboratories for
collaborations                                                                                  satellite monitoring at the junction of geography, computer science, physics,
biology http://eng.lorett.org/
EcoStart  will  invest  in  these  projects  from  the  IEF  Environmental
Investment Fund.
3. Our understanding of the situation and market analysis
3.1. Relevance project
In connection with the widespread growth of interest in ecological issues, financial
institutions that are able to structure and direct investments in ecological protection are
becoming more and more in demand. For example, global investment in renewable
energy in 2017 amounted to more than $ 243 billion. More than $ 140 billion is predicted
that renewable energy will draw in 2040                                                         $ 7.8 trillion. investment.
This is only one of the directions of development of "green" technologies. In all sectors
and in all types of activities, a trend is developing to increase the volume of financing for
ecological projects. At the same time, the crypto industry is booming, which showed
phenomenal growth of the crypto-currency market in 2017. Its market capitalization for
the year increased from $ 18 billion to $ 600 billion. Many analysts and experts expect
that in 2018, the crypto currency will reach new heights.
The rapid growth of capitalization and the enrichment of the owners of crypto-currencies
create the prerequisites for the formation of a new source of financing environmental
projects at the expense of crypto-currency, while the technology of the block system that
has shown its effectiveness in the creation and circulation of crypto-currencies can be
used to create new IT products to finance environmental and social projects. At the same
time, the fundamental properties of the blockchain technology will be especially valuable
for the EcoStart platform:
 Transparency, which makes the EcoStart platform particularly reliable;
 low transaction costs, due to the absence of intermediaries;
 high speed of settlement of transactions, with operating mode 7/24;
7




 decentralization of management. The platform is managed by users who own
TECO cryptocurrency.
We offer the Ecostart project - a platform for creating applications and software
solutions  on  an  open  blockchain  for  supporting  ecological  projects,  with
TerraEcocoin's own cryptocurrency.
The expectation that the owners of cryptocurrency will invest in environmental projects
is based on the fact that in Western countries more than 25% of all companies are
considered to be socially oriented. Environmental investments also relate to socially
responsible investments. Their goal is to finance investment projects aimed at improving
the environmental situation.
Given these circumstances, we hope that the crypto community will follow the global
trend to increase funding for ecological projects to help humanity achieve economic
growth and development while fighting against climate change and preventing costly
ecological destruction and inefficient use of natural resources, and also eliminating the
accumulated pollution of the environment, which led to the following consequences,
Fig.1-2:
                                                                                              Fig.1The concentration of suspended solids PM2.5                                                                Fig.2The number of deaths from contaminated suspended
                                                                                              on average in 2015 for selected countries of the world                                                          solids PM2.5 and ozone per 1 million people in 2015 for selected
                                                                                                                                                                               countries of the world
Australia
                                                                                              Norma                                                    WHO 10 mlg
Canada                                                                                                                                                                         Russia
UK
                                                                                                                                                                               China
USA
Brazil
                                                                                                                                                                               Germany
France
Mexico                                                                                                                                                                         UK
Germany
OECD                                                                                                                                                                           France
Russia
                                                                                                                                                                               Brazil
Japan
                                                                                                                                                                    mlg / m3
China
                                                                                                                                                                               Canada
India
                                                                                                                                                                               0                        200   400                                                                600   800   1000
0                                                                                             20                                                       40           60
3.2. Market analysis. Financial institutions investing in the environment.
In the world practice, there are several sources of funding for "green" projects: the funds
of  international  organizations,  national  programs,  local  programs,  specialized
investment funds, private investors, the banking system:
Special investment funds were established in a number of countries in Western
Europe to finance major infrastructure projects to address the problems of disposal of
solid domestic waste, the construction of municipal wastewater treatment plants, etc.
Unlike other commercial funds, projects that are supposed to be implemented tend to
be less profitable than other investments, but these funds could attract funds from
pension, insurance and other funds, as they received state support in the form of
granting certain tax benefits to participants in the financial pool.
Ecological funds (EFs) are widely distributed in countries with economies in transition
in the countries of Central and Eastern Europe and the CIS and are at different stages
8




of development: from financing and implementing major effective investment projects
(Poland and Hungary) to solving the problem of forming a revenue base in the legislative
level (Central Asian countries). EFs were established to finance medium- and long-term
environmental projects in countries where financial markets were poorly developed, the
bank  rate  was  high,  and  financial  institutions  were  not  interested  in  lending  to
environmental projects (for example, the Global Environment Facility (GEF), the United
States  Agency  for  International  Development  private  foundations                          -  Rockefeller
Foundation, MacArthur Foundation).
International  financial  institutions  and  bilateral  donors  provide  financing  for
environmental purposes only to developing countries and countries with economies in
transition.  As  a  rule,  the  provision  of  funding  is  associated  with  the  mandatory
implementation of certain conditions: indicating the scope of environmental protection
activities, limiting the choice of technology, an obligatory condition for the purchase of
equipment produced in the donor country, etc.
Banking  organizations.  Among  such  creditors  are  the  International  Bank  for
Reconstruction  and  Development,  the  European  Bank  for  Reconstruction  and
Development, the European Investment Bank, Green Investment Bank, KfW, Nordic
Investment Bank.
Institutions are both state (budgetary and extra-budgetary), and operate on the basis
of public-private partnership, for example, the Organization for Economic Cooperation
and Development. The funds can be provided to enterprises in the form of grants, loans,
including concessional and interest-free loans, in the form of co-financing and financing
of targeted programs, including investment projects.
3.3. The amount of funding and requirements for projects financed by traditional
institutions.
With financing from international organizations, all loans are provided on commercial
terms. In addition, investments are provided in the form of equity participation in the
capital, structural financing.
The projects of the International Development Association and the International Bank
for Reconstruction and Development aimed at protecting the environment are estimated
at approximately $ 13 billion.
Funding for state and municipal programs is provided in the form of grants or repayable
loans. Interested companies can participate in tenders and claim amounts ranging from
several thousand dollars to several million. Grants may have conditions or obligations to
limit the range of recipients, the need for cooperation, reporting, copyright protection,
etc.
Private investors - individuals usually invest up to $ 2 million.
9




Funds that specialize in investing in "clean" technology can invest larger amounts, but
as a basic requirement, high profitability of projects is put forth.
Bank financing is provided only to reliable borrowers. At the same time, the quality of
collateral may be more important than the ecological effect of the project.
A special place is occupied by the so-called "tax investments" in developed markets.
Their essence lies in the fact that large taxpayers have the opportunity to reduce their
future tax liabilities by investing in priority sectors of innovation established by law. The
US government even initiated a special grant program to compensate for the deficit of
tax investments.
3.4. Problems of the traditional system of investment of environmental projects.
Practice testifies to the following problems in the sphere of investment of environmental
projects, using traditional funding institutions:
1. A fairly expensive mechanism of financing. In fact, all listed investment institutions
are intermediaries between investors and financing facilities. At the same time, they all
pursue their own interests, which do not always coincide with the needs of society.
2. There is no coordination of actions of various investment institutions when investing
in environmental measures, which leads to duplication, dispersion of material, labor and
money resources.
3. There is no choice of priority projects, to a greater extent, affecting the improvement
of the environmental situation involving the public and the expert community.
4. There are no standards for disclosing information, which, under the conditions of a
traditional investment system, leads to insufficient information openness of the process
of selecting an investment object.
5. The project financing mechanism is not sufficiently used - "when a particular lender
knows that his investments will be directed to a particular project, rather than directed at
unclear goals."
6. Politicization of the process of selection of financing objects.
4. Project advantages
Applications and tools that are developed in the EcoStart project will significantly reduce
the problems inherent in the traditional system of investing environmental projects can
provide new business opportunities and attract capital, and investors - to access a wider
range of investments
Using the EcoStart platform as a runtime environment for EcoStart platform applications,
we make it decentralized, getting all the benefits that it has:
10




- protection against censorship and the ability to have all the information always
online;
- fault tolerance;
- Transparency and the like.
These  properties  of  the  block  will  enable  to  ensure  the  participation  of  the  eco-
community of the EcoStart platform in the discussion and decision-making on the
financing of an environmental projects.
4.1. The amount of funding and requirements for projects financed by traditional
institutions.
With financing from international organizations, all loans are provided on commercial
terms. In addition, investments are provided in the form of equity participation in the
capital, structural financing.
The projects of the International Development Association and the International Bank
for Reconstruction and Development aimed at protecting the environment are estimated
at approximately $ 13 billion.
Funding for state and municipal programs is provided in the form of grants or repayable
loans. Interested companies can participate in tenders and claim amounts ranging from
several thousand dollars to several million. Grants may have conditions or obligations to
limit the range of recipients, the need for cooperation, reporting, copyright protection,
etc.
Private investors - individuals usually invest up to $ 2 million.
Funds that specialize in investing in "clean" technology can invest larger amounts, but
as a basic requirement, high profitability of projects is put forth.
Bank financing is provided only to reliable borrowers. At the same time, the quality of
collateral may be more important than the ecological effect of the project.
A special place is occupied by the so-called "tax investments" in developed markets.
Their essence lies in the fact that large taxpayers have the opportunity to reduce their
future tax liabilities by investing in priority sectors of innovation established by law. The
US government even initiated a special grant program to compensate for the deficit of
tax investments.
Some rating and information agencies are stock indexes of "green" companies, allowing
to compare the dynamics of stock prices in general on the market with the dynamics of
quotations of "green" companies. Ecological stock indices, for example, exist in the
rating agency Standard & Poors.
A number of rating agencies in the United States and Europe are ranking buildings on
the level of ecological friendliness. The degree of impact of the erection and operation
of buildings on the environment is assessed (in terms of energy consumption, CO2
emissions, waste recycling, etc.). Such ratings are used so far only as a factor for the
11




promotion  of  real  estate  objects  when  selling  them  and  as  PR  for  construction
companies.
Thus,  the  Ecostart  project  is  aimed  at  solving  one  of  the  acute  problems  -
ecological - by using modern information technologies to create and operate a
system  of  financing  and  implementing  ecological  measures  and,  as  a
consequence,  to  communicate  to  the  ecological  movement  of  the  crypto
community.
4.2. What will the Ecostart platform benefit users?
 NPOs and initiators of environmental projects will provide Ecostart with
a set of tools for creating their own tokens and managing their properties, which can be
as a crypto currency, bonds, shares in the project, participation certificates, etc. For each
token, you can specify your own name, output volume, number of decimal places and
other parameters and properties. Sale of released tokens will allow to collect money for
the implementation of environmental projects;
 Volunteers - can receive material and moral encouragement,
and also receive discounts and bonuses from partners for accommodation, food and
entertainment, visit new places and contribute to the environment;
 Investors, sponsors (socially responsible business) for financing of ecological
projects within the framework of corporate social responsibility will receive a positive
image and PR, and in the case of investments in "green" commercial projects will also
receive a profit.
 For developers, an open API for creating applications and open sources under
a free license, an open database of transactions, which will enable small companies and
start-ups to develop in the field of "green" technologies.
 TerraEcocoin cryptocurrency holders will have the opportunity not to
only provide cryptocurrency support to specific environmental projects, but also by
investing in green startups and creating masternodes to confirm TECO transactions, to
receive a stable income.
To create a masternode, you need to have at least 20 000 TECO accounts. This node
will perform functions for verifying transactions and protecting the network. In this case,
the POI algorithm distributes the reward between the nodes (accounts) by the criterion
of their activity evaluation in the network, taking into account the hardware capacities
that they use and the amount of funds in their purses.
Thus, the POI algorithm gives an advantage to those who make a more real contribution
to the development of EcoStart depending on the activity of the work;
 For startups, it becomes possible to apply to the ecological fund that focuses
on financing businesses and start-ups that implement ecological projects that are too
risky for commercial lenders: projects whose revenues are either unpredictable or below
12




the market average, or are expected only in the long term, and grants for implementation
ecological social projects
5. Ecostart Ecosystem
The uniqueness of the EcoStart platform lies in the fact that it will provide users with
many useful and necessary functions within a single platform, while others provide for
the simultaneous presence of only some of them.
5.1 Project architecture
Ecostart  is  an  innovative  solution  for  the  global  market  for  ecological  projects,
implemented as a public distributed cryptographic platform for creating applications and
software decisions on an open detachment to support ecological and ecological projects.
The platform will include the following modules:
 Release of TerraEcocoin's own crypto currency with POI generation (Proof-of-
Importance, proof of importance);
 Decentralized Investment Ecological Fund (IEF);
 Fundraising application - service for creation of a personal digital token by initiators
of ecological projects through one-time, or accelerated emission for financing
ecological (green) projects approved by Ecostart experts;
 Cryptomessenger, built on P2P technology (peer-to-peer);
 Service for examination, recommendations and formation of ratings of trust and
reputation;
 Space Surface Earth Surface Application
 Crypto Lottery;
 The system of motivation (incentives) of volunteers, initiators of EP and investors;
 Open API for creating applications for the implementation and support of EP.
The Ecostart Ecosystem Basis is a registry in the form of a distributed database, where
all data on user accounts and transactions is stored.
5.2. Crypto currency TerraEcocoin
13




The base unit of the EcoStart platform is the crypto currency, TerraEcoCoin, the TECO
ticker, which serves as the main source of its value, allowing to carry out all the main
activities and transactions on the platform. TECO has all the properties of the existing
crypto currency.
TEСO Transaction Scheme
Objective                                                                                    Create a crypto currency for trading with the consolidation of part of the
commission from transactions to the ecological fund
TerraEcocoin is a private money symbol that allows you to carry out
unimpeded transactions with a wide range of assets and goods in per-to-
per mode, and is also a means of exchanging and preserving capital.
It is expected to grow in price with an increase in the number of users.
Function                                                                                     This  is  the  only  one  in  the  world,  a  crypto  currency,  which  will
automatically  financially  support  projects  aimed  at  improving  the
ecological situation.
One million will be issued by TECO 210 million, and there is no further emission. There
will be no possibility of mining. You can get coins only to the owners of accounts (master
codes) supporting the stability of the platform. Funds for remuneration will be from
commissions that are paid when making transactions, placing on the platform of various
14




applications, fees for conducting ICO. And the size of the commission for the transaction
is determined by the payer himself.
TECO is divided up to eight decimal places. Such a small coin is called Xnano (XNO)
and corresponds to 0.00000001 TECO.
The TECO cryptocurrency is, first, a settlement money and is not securities.
Secondly, from the financial point of view, this means for exchange on the crypto
exchange markets and in payment systems.
Thirdly, it is the core of the EcoStart platform and will ensure the stable operation
of the entire ecosystem using smart contracts, guarantee of transactions and
liquidity.
The popularity of the cryptocurrency is growing every day. More and more people are
discovering  its  advantages  over  traditional  money.  It  ceases  to  be  an exclusively
exchange-traded asset and begins to be perceived as a full-fledged payment instrument.
When carrying out transactions to confirm the blocks, the Proof-of-Importance (POI)
principle will be used, the POI is built on the basis of the EigenTrust algorithm, a
reputational system that measures the intensity of interaction of different nodes in the
network with each other, based on their history downloads and directs traffic to the most
reliable nodes. Thus, the POI algorithm determines which generated block is considered
correct and provides through a reliable node the addition of user transactions to the
block chain in exchange for a small In order to encourage the participating nodes of the
EcoStart network, they will be accrued TECO coins by a certain algorithm, the so-called
harvesting (encouragement for the creation of blocks) .In order to be able to confirm the
created blocks, the account of the node (master node) must have a balance of at least
20 000 TECO.
The main advantage of harvesting is that this method uses much less electricity (up to
100 times) than in normal mining, which means lower commission fees for transactions
and makes this blockchain the "green".
All TECO crypto currency emissions are distributed among the owners of the
tokens (TER) with the exchange in the ratio 1 TECO = 1 TER
To become a member of the ecosystem, the user will have to create an account on the
EcoStart platform. During registration, the system will create a user profile and his wallet
on the official coin website and the corresponding mobile application for the smartphone.
Each member of the ecosystem will be provided with a crypto-currency wallet, the
interface of which will be simple, convenient, intuitive and similar to standard Internet
banking. The wallet is planned to be multicurrency and will allow you to work with popular
cryptonyms and with dollars and euros.
15




An alternative option is to store coins on exchanges. If you do not plan daily trading, it is
more expedient to store coins on the official site for security reasons.
We believe that after the release of TECO, the processes for managing the movement
of the crypto currency, the size of commission fees for transactions can be modeled
using smart contracts, as well as electronic signatures of different parties.
For the exchange of TECO and other tokens created on the EcoStart platform, another
crypto currency or fiat money is created by the own decentralized crypto-exchange
exchange. Its main characteristics:
 System performance over 60,000 transactions / sec;
 Integration with common technological solutions,
 used in traditional financial markets with the addition of the functionality of the
block;
 Ability to use tools to work in the mode
 real time;
 Generally recognized trading standards;
 Ability to work with the most common
connection protocols. This is mBinary, FIX / FAST, WebSocket and REST.
The exchange must have the following features and functions available to all users of
the EcoStart platform:
 KYC & AML;
 Deposits in fiat currency;
 Margin trading;
 Margin trading using swaps and repo;
 High-frequency trade;
 Transparency of work;
 Working with derivatives;
 Collocation zones;
 Tools for forecasting and technical analysis;
 WEB-version of the platform;
 Mobile version of the platform (iOS, Android);
 Customizable interface;
 Support for trading algorithms by web interface;
 Personalization of funds management. The TECO crypto currency is fully
integrated  into  the  ecosystem  of  EcoStart,  and  participation  in  all  ecosystem
components will be carried out with the help of it. Consequently, it is expected that
the demand for TECO will grow in proportion to the number of active users.
Thus, the TECO course at the system level is economically rigidly correlated with
the turnover of the EcoStart platform, its development as a project. The more
sellers and buyers of crypto-currencies, transactions and activity on the platform,
the more benefits all participants receive.
The commission for accommodation will be paid to TECO, which sellers will have
to purchase independently or indirectly through EcoStart from TECO holders both
16




on the EcoStart exchange and at other crypto-exchange exchanges, which will
eventually increase the demand for it.
Any forecast figures for the cost of TECO in the future at the moment will not be
correct.
5.3. Decentralized investment ecological fund (IEF)
One of the functions of money is to influence the world around us, which allows us to
change it in the right direction. The conduct of this function of money is the use of various
ecological funds organized by people who are not indifferent, who take responsibility for
solving a particular local or global ecological problem. The creation of ecological funds
is one of the new economic methods and a source of financing for projects aimed at
improving the state of the environment.
On our part, participation in the process of improving the world is the creation of a
decentralized investment ecological fund (IEF) on the EcoStart platform.
The model of the decentralized organization was chosen as the target model for the
fund. The fund will be managed through smart contracts, programmatically created
contracts within the EcoStart blockchain system.
IEF will finance environmental projects on various environmental protection topics.
17




IEF Features
Technology of
Indelible "receipt" for each transaction from the fund account to
blockchain
ensure full transparency
Compliance with
Fully complies with the established rules, regulations, KYC and
legislation
AML policies
Sources of fund
- Marginal financing of commercial projects (dividends)
capital
- Transaction proceeds from circulation of TECO
Several transparent
- Implementation of TGE and placement on the platform of
flows of replenishment
IEF                                                                 third-party applications
- Deductions from the environmental lottery
- Sponsorship contributions
Who is funded from
-Rendering assistance (grants) to non-commercial
the fund?
environmental projects
- Marginal financing of environmental projects (loans)
- Financing of the geoportal, based on the aerospace
monitoring database
- Volunteer support
The distribution of
- Operating expenses (technical support, remuneration to
capital IEF
experts and escrow)
- Investment capital (with automatic calculation of the share of
grants in total capital)
Form of investment
- Grant: for non-commercial environmental
from IEF
projects (nonprofit smart contract);
- Loan: for start-ups and companies,
realizing profitable environmental projects (credit smart
contract),
- Investments: in the form of joint
financing of environmental projects (investment smart contract)
Where IEF funds are
IEF funds are consolidated in a crypto wallet, which should be
accumulated
implemented in two versions:
1. Hardware wallet with a high security threshold, in which
the assets of the fund will be kept;
2. Buffer online - a purse for incoming crypto currency, which
will be stored on the platform EcoStart.
Selection of projects
The choice of environmental projects for financing is
for financing
- by a majority vote of TerraEcocoin coin holders, after expert
assessment by EcoStart experts using e-voting technology -
decentralized decision-making, fund management.
Escrow
The  escrow  agent  evaluates  the  vote  and  assesses  the
expertise and verifies the corresponding Smart contract
Monitoring of projects
The projects selected for financing will receive funds in stages,
undergo a desk audit and report on their work. If the audit
shows unsatisfactory results, the financing may be suspended.
Further funding can be provided as the project reaches its
intended goals.
18




Business - scheme for IEF
The IEF funds are consolidated in Crypto wallet, stored on the EcoStart platform and
allocated for the implementation of IEF in the form of grants and investments approved
by the majority of TerraEcocoin co-owners, after expert assessment by EcoStart experts
using e-voting technology  - decentralized decision-making, fund management. The
projects selected for financing will receive funds, be audited and report on their work. If
the audit shows unsatisfactory results, the financing may be suspended. Further funding
can be provided as the project reaches its intended goals.
The infrastructure of the IEF is separated from the entities that operate in it (investors
and  entrepreneurs),  which  minimizes  the susceptibility to  monitoring activities  and
related costs by regulatory bodies.
With the help of the IEF, the ecosystem will become a single platform for initiators and
entrepreneurs seeking to attract capital for their ecological projects, as well as for
investors and sponsors who want to form their own investment audience with specific
goals that solve ecological projects. This will increase the demand for TECO crypto
currency, because it will be used by both investors and entrepreneurs who finance their
campaigns.
5.4 Fundraising application as a service for creating registered digital tokens -
Token Generation Event (TGE)
19




The  Token  Generation  Event  (TGE)  service  will  provide  an  opportunity  for  non-
commercial organizations (NPOs) and environmental project initiators to create their
own tokens (digital assets) using an easy-to-use interface of the EcoStart platform.
The TGE service will be based on the TerraEcocoin crypto currency protocol and will
allow the issuing of own tokens (digital assets) and managing their properties. Tokens
can be a product token, an electronic crypto-pixel, a share in the project, a certificate of
participation, a deposit certificate, an equity, a bond, a crypto currency, points of loyalty
programs and other assets.
For each token (digital asset), you can specify your own name, output volume, number
of decimal places, start date, suspension, returns, elimination and recall, and other
parameters and properties. All parameters of the token (digital asset) operation are
managed through a smart contract.
Tokens can be issued in two types:
-   commercial ecotokens (CET) to finance recouped environmental projects;
-   sponsored ecotokens (SET) to finance non-recouped environmental projects and
use in various referral programs and loyalty programs;
Tokens are issued by a single or accelerated emission for a specific project, approved
by the expert community of the Ecostart platform or authorized trackers. The cost of any
issued token is:
1 issued token = 1 TerraEcocoin.
CET type tokens in the TGE can be sold for TerraEcocoin, quoted crypto currency or
fiat money, and can then be freely traded: sold, exchanged, donated to any crypto
currency and fiat money. Unsold tokens are destroyed.
SET-type tokens for ICO can be sold for TerraEcocoin, quoted crypto currency or fiat
money. Sold tokens from sponsors are used in the service to build trust and reputation
ratings. The tokens listed in the purse serve as a source of growth of the sponsor's
rating and a discount when using paid platform services, and the sponsors will have
wide opportunities for implementing image interests and loyalty programs.
The service will include:
 Web site with information on announced environmental projects that conduct
TGE. Review, analysis, reviews and ratings of planned, implemented and announced
environmental projects. Using the website, you can monitor your activity, participate in
TGE, etc.;
 TGE Library and Designer of smart contracts for process automation;
 Integration with crypto-exchange for sale-purchase of tokens;
 Service - tools for creating smart contracts without knowledge of the basics of
programming. A smart contract is a program code that runs in a decentralized
EcoStart block network and implements a sequence of calls to functions and
methods of code within or outside the network. Basic properties:
20




- Work on the algorithm and conditions laid down in the program;
- Execution of external or internal actions and commands;
- Offline actions on a call, condition or schedule.
Business - scheme "Investor and environmental project"
Smart contracts work on all masternodes (nodes) of the decentralized EcoStart network.
The program code is executed in the network of nodes, and on not on one of them. This
means that if the program is added to the network, it cannot be removed from the
network.
The fee for executing the smart contract will be in the TECO crypto currency. The system
automatically charges the account for the execution of each function from the account.
The fee comes to owners of master codes, which store the database and carry out
harvesting.
Fundraising service will allow investors-users of the EcoStart ecosystem to have a
platform for reviewing and evaluating new companies pretending to invest. This will help
investors better evaluate the potential of new enterprises and start-ups to find potential
partners and customers implementing environmental projects and activities.
21




5.5. Cryptomessenger.
This  is  a  communication  channel  for  platform  users,  built  on  P2P                   (peer-to-peer)
technology. The main goal of the creation of the cryptomessenger is a convenient and
functional way of communication between the participants of the ecological community,
aimed at ensuring maximum confidentiality and anonymity. The messenger is created
with the integration of IPFS technologies (InterPlanetary File System, interplanetary file
system), whose nodes form a distributed open source filesystem, P2P (peer-to-peer)
and blockbuster technologies.
Cryptomessenger Functionality:
 personal contact list;
 "Who is online" indication;
 Correspondence both online and offline;
 Transfer of photos and video content;
 Sending a message to the group;
 Notification of the arrival of new messages, and an exit in online;
 Create your own channel;
 General chat + private, publicly accessible forums, blogs / statuses;
 Settings for deleting messages;
 Encryption of messages and conversations.
Users will directly communicate with each other via a P2P connection. If there is no
immediate connection, the messages will be written to the distributed data store (IPFS).
This will ensure that all information is protected from interference.
To ensure confidentiality, the encryption algorithm MTProto, which was developed by
the creators of Telegram, will be used.
The data of correspondence and transactions will be stored in decentralized networks
of blocking, IPFS and on users' devices, which solves the main problem of confidentiality
of information of the most popular instant messengers that use centralized servers.
22




Scheme of the messenger
2
1                                                                                              3
IPFS
N
User 1                                                                                         User 2
Thus, the technology of data distribution across multiple devices and decentralized
servers will protect users from failures and interference by third parties.
5.6. Service for examination, recommendations and formation of ratings of trust
and reputation.
In the financial sphere, there is a huge problem of trust in expert organizations that
provide investment advice, guarantee the reliability of certain people and organizations.
Although there is a whole industry of rating agencies, including investment banks that
issue recommendations, audit companies that certify the truth of certain results or the
reality of the work done, mistrust remains, both to specific borrowers and to expert gurus.
In addition, the problem is exacerbated by negative PR activity: the publication of
unverified "experts" in the media, fabricated fake news, and so on.
In our case, it is important to trust the initiators of ecological projects and Ecostart
experts, the reputation and the number of hours worked by volunteers (time bank).
We propose the solution of this problem with the help of a quantitative reputation system
for data collection and confidence ratings for initiators of ecological projects and experts
based on block technology. All actions that are significant for their reputation will be
recorded in the distributed register of the Ecostart platform and, in the long term, they
can confirm the accumulated reputation and form a real rating of all participants.
23




5.8 Annex - Aerospace monitoring
Aerospace monitoring
- operative monitoring and control
over the state of the environment
and identification of places for
storing wastes based on remote
satellite and aerial survey data on
the earth's surface.
Although aerospace monitoring on our platform does not lie on the blockage, we believe
that the task of identifying, mapping, monitoring the storage sites for various types of
waste is one of the most urgent in the field of ecological protection. Therefore, aerospace
monitoring will be an application application platform EcoStart with automated and visual
interpretation of different space images using selective aerial photography, field and
statistical information.
Firstly, this is due to the serious negative impact of landfills on all components of the
landscape due to physical, chemical, biological pollution, as well as deterioration of the
quality of life of the population due to a sharp decline in the aesthetic value of natural
complexes and an increase in man-made risks.
Secondly, space monitoring data from outer space are practically the only source of
information, giving a complete, timely, operational picture of the problem of landfills and
at the same time minimizing the financial, time and labor costs for solving this problem.
Space images are used for monitoring. The opto-electronic complexes installed on
space vehicles allow to shoot ultra-high spatial resolution  (0.7-1 m), the detail and
geometric accuracy of which allows for confidently decoding dumps, measuring (linear
dimensions, area), determining coordinates and types of dumps. With the help of space
monitoring, you can identify a landfill with an area of 10 m2.
To clarify the coordinates of landfills, aerial photography from unmanned aerial vehicles
(BPL) and field survey, which may be carried out by municipal authorities in the territory
of which such landfills or ecological societies and activists are located, with subsequent
correction of cartographic materials, will be used.
24




The recognition of objects in aerospace imagery will be automated with the construction
of neural networks with a recognition method based on frequency representations. A
promising  method  of  intellectual  interpretation  of  monitoring  information  is  neural
networks, which is related to the possibility of their learning, the choice of the topology
of construction and minimizing the influence of "noise" in the structure of the multizone
snapshot.
At the heart of the neural network, represented by a system of interconnected simple
processors, the principle of the functioning of the human nervous system is laid. Neurons
of a neural network are grouped into layers so that the output signal of the previous layer
is fed to the inputs of all neurons of the subsequent layer.
The network is trained by introducing the original rasters (input channels), the source of
the labels, the topology of the neural network, and the learning parameters into the
program. Optimal is the use of "learning with the  teacher,"  in which the types of
landscape-ecological systems are assigned areas of a space image with similar spectral
characteristics. The result of the learning process is a trained neural network, which is
stored in a file and used for subsequent classification of the satellite image.
The results of the interpretation of the images will be placed on the interactive geoportal
map with the tools:
• automatic generation of generalized statistical information on certain criteria (type of
landfill, date of detection, category, territorial affiliation, etc.);
• possibility of entering information (clarifying information on field data, as well as putting
new objects on trusted users);
•  automatic  generation  of  the  object's  passport  (technical  characteristics,  location,
ownership of the land plot is indicated and damage is calculated according to approved
methods).
The geoportal map will be publicly available on the EcoStart platform website. Changes
to the interactive map can only be made by the system administrator or trusted users.
25




A separate topic is the identification of garbage "islands" in the world's oceans and the
organization of actions to eliminate them with the appropriate collection of funds
needed to finance this event.
Financing of the functioning of aerospace monitoring will be carried out at the expense
of the environmental fund.
5.9. Open API
Ecosystem EcoStart opens unlimited opportunities for business and individuals through
a high-tech software solution with an open API that allows easy connection of any
technology solution, application development and software solutions on an open block
system to support ecological and ecological projects.
Therefore, to advance the platform, we plan to finance the development of the most
interesting decentralized applications from the eco-fund, the idea of which can arise both
within our team and third-party developers. Decisions on the financing of certain projects
will  be  accepted  by  the  holders  of  TerraEcocoin  crypto  currency  based  on  the
assessment of experts, the competence of the team, the conclusion of the promise of
the idea and the benefits that it can bring to the platform. The financing scheme is
described in the section on IEF.
We plan that funding will be allocated annually for the development of decentralized
applications. EcoStart will finance and support such decentralized applications that
promote the EcoStart platform. One of such applications is ecotourism.
5.10. Description of the platform and the interaction of its elements
The EcoStart Core
This component will implement the basic business logic. The component will contain all
relevant rules and procedures for processing algorithms on the platform, perform data
validation and provide interaction with the block to handle smart contracts.
The component will allow EcoStart to integrate its own internal and third-party data. The
EcoStart platform can support the addition of any additional data exchange protocols,
which allow to extend the functionality (additional services) of the entire platform.
Open API
A set of various programming functions and interfaces for the creation of the EcoStart
ecosystem,  available  for  software  development  companies.  The  API  will  provide
sufficient flexibility in compliance with all the security rules implemented on the EcoStart
platform. The service will encourage third-party developers to create additional services
in the ecosystem, which will be beneficial for system users and investors.
Blockchain EcoStart
This is a trusted transaction register and the execution environment for smart contracts
that support transactions. Conducting a Token Generation Event (TGE) with the release
of tokens;
26




All payments, transfers by currencies or crypto / digital assets and transactions under
smart contracts are reflected in the public register and are evidence of their processing.
Features:
                                                                                            The transaction displayed in the public registry cannot be canceled.
                                                                                            The appearance in the registry of a smart contract means its execution.
                                                                                            Proof of the fact of fulfillment of obligations for both parties to the contract.
                                                                                            Data stored in the public registry is publicly available.
                                                                                            Transaction registers are an important element of an open economy.
Decentralized file storage
The  environment  for  storing  and  exchanging  files  associated  with  persistent
cryptography (DFS) transactions, in which all system data will be stored. It will include
user  accounts,  system  data  and  detailed  information  about  smart  contracts.  Data
provided by EcoStart users will also be stored in this data store.
Features of information storage in the decentralized file storage:
                                                                                            Storing information without centralized administration
                                                                                            Storing information with guarantee of invariability
                                                                                            Storing information with encryption, open or closed data
                                                                                            Storing data with free or restricted access
Certified means of cryptographic information protection (CIC)
A means of providing additional encryption, legally significant electronic signatures and
secure timestamps.
Oracle and external request providers
These services are information providers operating within the EcoStart platform. Oracle
is developed by any developer on the EcoStart platform for access to other databases
(ratings of third-party agencies, exchange rates, etc.). Given that the main calculations
and analysis of documents in today's realities are carried out outside of smart contracts,
only data that they are able to process directly into smart contracts is transferred. The
rest of the information is attached in the form of ordinary formalized files, if necessary
signed by a strengthened qualified electronic digital signature (EDS) to ensure legal
significance.
User interface
Web portal and mobile applications developed by the EcoStart team. The user interface
will become the main entry point for users to create and manage their crypto accounts,
create smart contracts and monitor the balance of the crypto currency in their accounts.
6. Initial Coin Offering (ICO)
During the initial placement of coins, EcoStart will issue virtual currency tokens called
TerraEcoToken (TER) on the unit controlled by a smart contract.
27




6.1. Conditions for pre-ICO and ICO
The purpose of the collection is $ 11,85 million. This amount is justified by the cost of
developing the EcoStart platform, its scaling and the creation of a global public geoportal
with the placement of waste sites based on aerospace monitoring of the earth's surface.
Pre-ICO and ICO platforms EcoStart will be implemented on the public blockade of
Ethereum with the release of a token compatible with ERC20, whose interface allows
you to deploy a standard token that is compatible with the existing infrastructure of the
ecosystem Ethereum, including development tools, wallets and exchangers.
6.2. Structure of pre-ICO and ICO
Name of the                                                                                   EcoToken (TER)
token
What is it?                                                                                   This is a token that is compatible with Ethereum ERC20. The TER
Token is a certificate of participation in the creation of the EcoStart
platform and each token gives its holder the following rights:
The   right   of   exchange   for   the   newly   created   TerraEcocoin
cryptocurrency (TECO);
The right to receive partner discounts;
The  right  to  receive  a  commission  from  third  parties  to  develop
applications on EcoStart;
The right to participate in referral programs;
The right to sell, exchange, donate
Provide a voice in the entire ecosystem of EcoStart
Thus, TER is a portable, interchangeable token and can be used openly
for depositing, voting, securing investment and trading.
Volume and                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           1. When conducting ICO, no more than  210 million tokens will be
conditions of                                                                                                                                                   released. Tokens will be issued on
release    of                                                                                                                                                                                              platform Ethereum according to the ERC20 standard.
tokens                                                                                                                                                                                                     2. At the end of ICO, the release of tokens will cease.
                                                                                              3.Hard cap $ 11,85 million
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     4. Soft cap - 1.2 million $ US or 6000 ETH or a similar amount in the
                                                                                              current currency.
Selling                                                                                       Will be carried out in 2 stages:
tokens                                                                                        pre-ICO and ICO
The price of                                                                                  1 TER = 0,07                                                                                                                                                           $US =0,00035 ETH or 30% discount to the nominal value
the                                                                                           token                                                             of the token. TECO nominal value in $ US
during   pre-
ICO
28




The price of                                                                                                                                      1  TER = 0,1                                                               $US =0,0005 ETH
the                                                                      token                                                                    TECO nominal value in $ US
during ICO
Amount   of                                                                                                                                                                                                                  The minimum amount to buy is 100 tokens.
purchase                                                                                                                                                                                                                     The maximum amount to purchase tokens is 30,000,000 tokens
during   pre-
ICO
Volume and                                                                                                                                                                                                                   During the pre-ICO period, 20 million TERs will be put up for sale (10%
conditions of                                                                                                                                     of ICO tokens)
release    of
tokens                                                                                                                                                                                                                       During the ICO period, 103,9 million TERs will be put up for sale (47,6%
                                                                                                                                                  of ICO tokens)
Distribution                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Total of the 210 million TER will be sold to 123,9 million (59%).
of tokens                                                                                                                                                                                                                    The distribution of tokens is as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             - 33,6 million (16%) to the founders of EcoStart and the team;
                                                                         -                                                                        21  million                                                                (10%)  encouragement  of  owners  of  master-trees
                                                                                                                                                  (community rewards);
- 25,2 million (12%) for partners and marketing;
- 2,1 million (1%) insurance fund;
- 4,2 million (2%) for bounty campaigns, Airdrop
Be careful! Remember that you should not pay from incompatible with
ERC20 contracts wallets or from an account on a crypto exchange - this
can lead to loss of control over your acquired tokens
TER are available immediately after launching pre-ICO through smart
contracts Ethereum.
Availability                                                             The sale and transfer of tokens are gradually becoming possible within
of tokens                                                                a 15-day period after the end of the ICO through smart contracts.
TER
Payment                                                                  ETH
Methods
                                                                         The whole world
Geography                                                                Caution: The distribution of TER tokens is not available for US
of sales                                                                 residents.
- 45% for marketing and advertising needs: press releases and articles
in crypto media and social networks, targeted advertising, SMM in 7
languages, online advertising and offline;
- 30% for software development, project source code, data structure
development, smart contracts, server capacity payment, hosting and
AntiDDOS protection, etc. Hiring first-class experts to maintain the
Distribution                                                                                                                                      competitive advantages of EcoStart, as well as the development of new
of attracted                                                             services.
cryptocurren                                                                                                                                      - 5% for legal services, incl. obtaining licenses and documents for work
cy                                                                                                                                                in the US and other countries, legal support for the project. Compliance
after taxes                                                              with legal norms is the key to long-term success;
and                                                                      -                                                                        15%  operating  expenses:  office rental,  communications,  internet,
conversion                                                               managerial salaries, other operating expenses.
29




- 5% insurance fund
The use of attracted funds is directed to ensure the profitability of
EcoStart in the long term.
We strive to realize our goals in the interests of TER token owners
Site                                                                                                  eco-start.com
Web  Wallet                                                                                                                                         Will be posted on the website prior to the start of the Pre-ICO
shopping
tokens
                                                                                         The          address                                       of                                                                            the   smart   contract
Смарт                                                                                                                                               ETHhttps://etherscan.io/address/0x5905E0717F9F76a61fA5ed4636061B50
контракт                                                                                                                                            6E5A0522will  be  available  on  the  site  before  the  beginning  of  the
                                                                                         Crowdsdale
                                                                                                                                                    The funds raised during the ICO will be stored in multisig-purses in
Security                                                                                              accordance with the standards.
ICO                                                                                      Ethereum
platform
Terms     of                                                                             Pre-ICO
sale                                                                                     Start -                                                    19/11/2018 at 19:00 CST
TER Tokens                                                                                            The end is on   the 09/12/2018 at 19:00 CST
                                                                                         ICO
                                                                                         Start        -                                             10/12/2018 at 19:00 CST
                                                                                                      The end is on                                 31/01/2019 at 19:00 CST
6.3. Issue and use of TER tokens
Token  emission  technology:  Ethereum  ERC20  with  advanced  security  features
ERC223. ERC20 is the standard for the Ethereum token, and the compatibility of the
ERC20 and the Ethereum ecosystem allows you to program intelligent contracts in a
turing full language, through which you can perform secure and customizable operations
that meet the specific requirements of EcoStart. It makes it easy to distribute tokens
between platform members, thus creating a truly decentralized system.
With the launch of the EcoStart platform and the issuance of the TerraEcocoin crypto
currency, the TER tokens created in the Ethereum blockchain system will be changed
to the TECO crypto currency, created on a separate blockchain in a 1: 1 ratio.
TER owners before the launch of the EcoStart platform will be able to sell-buy TER
tokens independently. We will also provide an opportunity to buy and sell TER tokens
on the exchange.
30




Issue of a token, 210 million pcs. The distribution is as follows:
Reserve
Baunty
For Partners                                                                                   1%2%
12%
The Team
16%
Miners,
10%
masternods                                                                                     Crowdsdale
59%
The funds received during crowdsale are designed to create EcoStart platform and
ensuring its functioning. The release of tokens after this is not provided.
Softcap pre-ICO - $ 500'000 or 2500 ETN (If this amount is not reached, all investments
are refunded, net of transaction costs).
Softcap ICO - $ 1,200,000 or 6000 ETN (If this amount is not reached, all investments
are refunded, net of transaction costs).
The sale rate of TerraEcoToken has a rigid binding to Ethereum and varies depending
on the stages of sales. This means that with the growth of the Ethereum course, the
EcoToken rate also increases, and vice versa. For the convenience of ICO participants,
the approximate cost of TER in $ USD is displayed, which is recalculated automatically
based on the current price of Ethereum at the current date.
The number of stages of the project to develop a project will depend on the amount of
funds raised during crowdsale. As a result of each stage, a functionally finished product
is created, and the execution of each next step adds additional consumer properties to
it.
The ICO will contribute to the development of the technical base of EcoStart, increase
the speed of developing its own software, will enable to create significant financial assets
of the ecological fund, increase the number of implemented ecological projects, and
create representative offices in the world financial centers.
6.4 Crowdsale
TER token complies with the Ethereum ERC20 standard. The release of tokens and
control over the transfer of funds is carried out by a system of smart contracts.
31




To participate in the sale of tokens, investors must first register in the personal account
of the investor on the project site and pass a KYC  / AML check. The KYC  / AML
procedure allows you to create a profile of token buyers and exclude the risk of selling
TER tokens to individuals and legal entities engaged in criminal activities. All investors
who have not passed the KYC / AML check within two weeks after the end of the ICO
will have to return the TER tokens, and the amount paid by them will be returned to the
buyer's wallet.
6.5. Offers
the next 20 million TERs are distributed in the pre-ICO period at a 30% discount to the
nominal TER price;
In the context of further sales, tokens are distributed without accrual of bonuses.
7. RoadMap
The beginning of the pre-announcement. Creation of an information background aimed
05.2018                                                                                       at drawing attention to EcoStart, forming a community, a loyal image of the brand and
crowdfunding.
Start Pre ICO Launch of a marketing and PR campaign to promote EcoStart. Used
11.2018                                                                                       channels: forums, news resources, trackers, contextual advertising, promotion in social.
media, direct mail, cooperation with bloggers, etc.
11.2018                                                                                       ICO (Initial Coin Offering) Listing of tokens on stock exchanges
                                                                                              Beginning of the ICO Most of the cash collected during the pre-ICO is sent to increase
12.2018
                                                                                              the effectiveness of the marketing and PR campaign.
02.2019                                                                                       Development of the Alpha version of the platform and its testing
03.2019                                                                                       Upgrading the basic nodes after Alpha testing
05.2019                                                                                       Beta testing platform. Opening a platform for mass users
06.2019                                                                                       Release of its own crypto currency TerraEcocoin (TECO)
06.2019                                                                                       Develop a mobile app on Android and iOS
06.2019                                                                                       Audit platforms on Android and iOS. Test the mobile application.
06.2019                                                                                       Final launch of the mobile app on Android and iOS
07.2019                                                                                       АPI
07.2019                                                                                       Start an advertising and marketing campaign in key markets
10.2019                                                                                       Partners Connections
12.2019                                                                                       Creating a Global Ecosystem EcoStart
We will create and publish monthly reports on the implementation of goals and objectives
from the roadmap.
For the purposes of implementing the road map and developing the project, a corporate
development plan and a marketing and advertising plan will be formed.
32




Within the corporate development plan, highly professional staff will be employed,
offices will be opened in financial centers of the world if necessary, and necessary
permits and licenses are obtained.
8. The Team
                                                                                       Olga Bergen                                                                    Michael McKee                                                                                                     Teymur Nurullaev
                                                                                       CEO and Co-founder                                                             Chief Visionary Officer                                                 COO (Chief Operating
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Officer)
A  corporate  strategist  with  many                                                                                                                                  Before starting out into ICO Advisory,                                  Chief Operating Officer, a successful
years    of    experience    in    the                                                                                                                                Michael  spent                                13  years  as  Social     businessman, a programmer, one of
advertising                                                                                                            and                       information          Media Influencer and Digital Marketer                                   the first adepts of the blockchain
technology industry. In recent years,                                                                                                                                 for  several  dot  com  startups.  After  a
is engaged in accelerating startups.                                                                                                                                  successful   career   helping   various                                 “I   support   the   project   EcoStart
                                                                                                                                                                      clothing    companies    and    aspiring                                because the Cryptocurrency will gain
«I                                                                                     have    been    engaged    in                                                  musicians, Michael now advises ICOs                                     momentum in the event that we start
accelerating the startup projects for                                                                                                                                 and  Startups  on  how  to  market  their                               creating   as   many   projects   as
several years. EcoStart is definitely                                                                                                                                 projects on social media and through                                    possible on blockchain. I manage a
a   powerful   project   with   great                                                                                                                                 SEO. Michael has been a serial ICO                                      whole army of bots - they will help us
potential.                                                                                                             There     are                           many   investor  since                               2016  and  one  of  the   in this project too!”
enterprising  young  people  in  the                                                                                                                                  fastest growing Blockchain Influencers
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              https://www.facebook.com/TeymurNur
world  who  really  need  our  help.                                                                                                                                  with over 350,000 followers in total.
Together with you we will do a very
important and necessary thing! »                                                                                                                                      «A person who has no vision can never
                                                                                                                                                                      realize high thoughts and carry out bold
https://www.linkedin.com/in/olga-bergen-                                                                                                                              enterprises»
663493163/                                                                                                                                                            https://www.linkedin.com/in/michael-mckee-
                                                                                                                                                                      74b20634/
Dhana Timilsina,                                                                       Aleksandr  Goldobin,            Vasiliy Gavrilovich
Chief strategy officer                                                                 CFO                             VP Software development
33




Dhana   is   an   innovative   and                                                                                                         The  financial  director  responsible     CEO   Prof-it                                      -   it's   IT-company   for
dynamic  world  citizen  and  serial                                                                                                       for managing the financial flows of       development  of  the  web  and  mobile
international                                                                                  entrepreneur,                               the business with vast managerial         applications,   BLOCKCHAIN   solutions,
consultant,    advisor,    engineer,                                                                                                       experience  in  a  wide  range  of        software and software-based solutions.
trader, businessman, founder, co-                                                                                                          industries
                                                                                                                                                                                     https://www.linkedin.com/in/vasiliy-gavrilovich-
founder,                                       owner,                                          investor,
                                                                                                                                                                                     9517bb129/
researcher, and promoter. Dhana                                                                                                            “My  motto   is  think  globally-act
wears several hats and works and                                                                                                           locally! That is why I proposed to
supports   for   several   startups,                                                                                                       bring  the  project  Ecostart  to  the
companies,   ICOs   and   projects                                                                                                         international  level.  I  believe  such
across the world.                                                                                                                          initiatives  are  important  for  the
                                                                                                                                           world   community.   Our   financial
«Without  your  strategy,  you  will                                                                                                       support   is   needed   by   many
depend on someone else's tactics»                                                                                                          ecological projects!”
linkedin.com/in/we-love-technologies                                                                                                       https://www.linkedin.com/in/aleksandr-
                                                                                                                                           goldobin-2ab883162/
Nataly Nurullaeva                                                                              Olga Gershenzon                                                                       Olga Glagoleva,
СМО (Chief marketing                                                                           Head of Aerospace                                                                     Eco enthusiast
                                               officer),                                       Monitoring                                                                            Creator Brand GO Authentic
                                                                                               Co-Founder, Chief Strategy
                                                                                               Officer at RBCSignals
«My     element     is     marketing                                                           «From  the  solar  system,  we  still                                                 GO Authentic is a brand of eco-friendly
communications     and     project                                                             cannot  get  out  for  a  long  time.                                                 clothing, founded by Olga Glagoleva. We
management.  In  EcoStart  I  see                                                              Therefore, one must learn to live on                                                  create comfortable clothes with meaning,
global  opportunities                          -  the  project                                 earth  and  better  on  ecologically                                                  participating  in  a  cyclical  economy.  We
will  help  to  unite  not  indifferent                                                        friendly»                                                                             cooperate   with   modern   artists,   use
people around the world around a                                                                                                           environmentally                                                                              friendly   materials,
great  idea.  It's  just  a  marketer's                                                        https://www.linkedin.com/in/olgagershenzo                                             employ  highly  qualified  specialists  and
n/
dream! »                                       use  authentic  textile  techniques,  do  not
produce anything more ordered.
https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=
100001662803799
Olga feels responsible for the fate of our
Earth, believes in a cyclical economy.
Clothing for Olga is primarily a concern for
the Planet, a culture of consumption and
the ability to influence the world. And she
creates models of clothes to improve the
environment, while calculating the carbon
footprint,  using  recycled  raw  materials
from  recycled  plastic  bottles,  organic-
certified                                      materials    or    second-hand
clothes.
Instagrams
https://www.instagram.com/go_authentic
_/
34




Artyom Akopyan                           Dina Korn,                                 Aleksandr Myshkin,
CCO (Chief Community                     PR manager                                 Solidity developer
Officer)                                 Director in LLC "DinaLand"
Artyom  is an experienced  project       «Advertising - the most fascinating        He    has    extensive    experience    in
manager   of   major   international     of   what   you   can   do   without       developing many applications and smart
event such as Olympic Games, F1          undressing»                                contracts.
Grand Prix and FIFA World Cup.
                                         https://www.facebook.com/dina.korn
                                                                                    Computer  -  a  means  of  communication
"I saw a big potential of this project                                              programmers with normal people.
since it touches upon all of us, our
children  and  future  generations,                                                 https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexander-
and nobody could stand apart"                                                       myshkin-18baa580/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/artyo
m-akopyan-52985b71/
9. Consultants
Dr Mohamed Karim                         Beduil Dauis                                                                            Vladimir   Gershenzon
Leader of advisors                       Advisor for exchange listing of                                                         Advisor- Expert in Earth
                                         tokens                                                                                  remote sensing systems
                                         Managing Partner at List a Token           Leading                                      Research                             Scientist
CEO of Mirak AS
                                                                                                                                 Center for Computational and Data-
“When  we  started  with  distributed    and  exchange  listing  manager  at
                                                                                                                                 Intensive Science and Engineering
computing  15  years  ago,  we  never
Tokenget.
could dream that the whole world will
Full                                     -  stack  business  developer,
                                         https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=
be where we are today. Thanks to the
executive management and strategic       100023895310247
Blockchain technology, we can now
partnerships  within  the  Blockchain,
build projects and concepts beyond
ICO's,  and  crypto  exchanges,  also
all imaginations”
member  of  the  GBA  (Government
35




Blockchain Association) and strategic
https://www.linkedin.com/in/drkarim/                            partner   at   Tokenmatch   as   well
                                              Exchange          listing                                     agent                          at
                                              Laneaxis.io,      with                                        extensive
experience  in  cold  calling  &  web
partner acquisition, meeting potential
clients,                                      marketing,        project
management,  attending  exhibitions,
achieving financial and growth goals,
monitoring   and   analyzing   market
data.
https://www.linkedin.com/in/beduildauis/
                                              Carlo Buonpane                                                Savio Gomez
                                              Advisor- Expert                                               Senior- Advisor
Blockchain and Crypto Advisor, Carlo                            Capt.     Savio     Gomez     is     an
is a serial entrepreneur, investor and                          entrepreneur  and  an  independent
consultant with business experience                             active   Advisor                            /   Consultant                 to
from around the world.                                          organisations,   a VC, an incubator  /
He has gained various experiences in                            accelerator,                                lending                        houses,
different    digital    startups    which                       exchanges,  a  market  maker     and
concerned  real  estate  investments                            more in the Fintech - Blockchain / AI
and personal and financial growth.                              space.    With an MBA in international
Since he met the blockchain he has                              business, trade & logistics, backed by
been thunderstruck   by his potential.                          almost three decades of international
Participates as an investor in about                            and   diverse   experience   in   the
20 blockchain projects each year.                               Transportation  &  Technology  field,
Is  an  ADVISOR  expert  in  Strategy                           Savio   is   a   Master   Mariner,   an
and Fundraising in ICO con 3+ years                             accredited   auditor   with   degrees
experience, successfully follows over                           leading up to a PhD.
35  projects  based  on  blockchain
technology                                                      Savio is also a certified Blockchain &
                                                                Artificial   Intelligence   professional.
https://www.linkedin.com/in/carlo-buonpane-                     Here,  Savio  advises  us  in  strategic
a9a44684/                                                       matters  like  partnerships,  exchange
                                                                listings,                                   best    practices,    market
relations, capital introduction venues
and assisting us to continue to scale
globally.
https://www.linkedin.com/in/savio-
gomez-capt/
36




10. Partners
ENGINEERING
COMPANY
Sochi State University   GO                                                              GO Authentic
Authentic
11. Terms and conditions
This white paper is intended solely for information purposes and for presenting
EcoStart and TerraEcoToken tokens, an TER ticker to potential token buyers in
connection with the Initial Coin Offering (ICO). The information presented below does
not purport to be complete and does not imply a contractual relationship.
Nothing in this White Paper can be regarded as any kind of advertising brochure, or a
call to invest. Also, nothing here refers to the offer to acquire securities in any
jurisdiction.
This document was not drawn up under any laws and regulations of any jurisdiction
that are intended to protect investors, and is not subject to their regulation.
TER is not a digital currency, a security, a commodity, or any other type of financial
instrument, and has not been registered under the Securities Act, any securities laws
of any state in the United States of America, or securities laws any other country,
including securities laws of any jurisdiction in which a potential token holder is a
resident.
The TER Token cannot be used for any other purposes than those specified in this
white paper.
Ownership of TER tokens does not confer ownership or title to the property to EcoStart
or any other related company.
37




TER Tokens are not some kind of formal or legally binding investment.
We  propose  to  purchase  TER  tokens,  which  provide  the  right  (license)  to  use
EcoStart. The license gives the right to use EcoStart in order to cooperate, share,
program, develop or create the services of a particular project (application) based on
EcoStart.
The TER holder acts as the Licensee, who obtains the rights to use EcoStart. EcoStart
does not aim to create a joint venture with owners of TER tokens, but provides them
with a system for implementing their own projects. The success of owners of TER
tokens depends on their ability to create and manage such projects.
Due to unforeseen circumstances, the objectives set forth in this document may be
amended. Despite the fact that we intend to reach all the points described in this
document, all persons and parties involved in the purchase of TER tokens do so at
their own risk.
Certain statements, estimates and financial information contained in this document
represent   statements   or   forward-looking   information.   Such   forward-looking
statements and information include known and unknown risks and uncertainties,
which may lead to events or results that differ materially from the estimates or results
implied or expressed in such forward-looking statements.
You agree that your use or inability to use the TER tokens is solely at your own risk
and you take all responsibility with us. Since the release of TER tokens, they will be
sent to you without any guarantees.
By purchasing the TER tokens, you assume the risks and limitations associated with
digital tokens, crypto-currencies and blocking technologies, including the following:
1. risk of loss of access to tokens as a result of loss of the private key or keys;
2. risks associated with the Ethereum platform protocol;
3. The risk of computer attack and the risk associated with weaknesses in the
security system;
4. risk of loss as a result of the price of the token falling;
5. risks associated with weak regulation and / or coercive measures on the part
of the regulator.
The White Paper version in English is the primary official source of information about
the TER token. Information contained in the English version can be translated into
other languages, as well as used in written or oral communication with existing or
potential customers, partners, etc. In the process of translation, or communication,
some of the information may be lost, distorted, or misreported. The accuracy of such
alternative communication cannot be guaranteed. In the event of any conflicts, or
inconsistencies in transfers and communications from the official English version of
the White Paper, the original English version will prevail.
38




Social networks
https://twitter.com/ecostart18?lang=ru
https://t.me/ecostart2018
https://github.com/OBergen
https://www.linkedin.com/in/olga-bergen-663493163/
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?action=profile;u=2067916
https://www.facebook.com/ecostart.eb.9
https://medium.com/@ecostartbg
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtbF22XquER660PB1mOCFqQ/about?disab
le_polymer=1
https://www.reddit.com/user/EcoStart2018
39





