ncoin.money
____
www.maincoin.money




www.maincoin.money
Introduction                                                          3
Description of the platform                                           4
Possibilities for business                                            8
Platform's business model                                             10
Platform's mission                                                    13
The token and its growth factors                                      14
ICO Model                                                             16
Arbitration process                                                   18
The competitive environment and advantages of the MainCoin platform   19
Team                                                                  22
Risks                                                                 26
Summary                                                               29




www.maincoin.money
Introduction
Modern business is versatile. Investors prefer to invest in different
assets. For this, there are holdings and joint-stock companies.
Managing these structures is not always convenient. There is a
large number of legal entities, heterogeneous assets, and management of
such  formations  is  very  expensive.  This  requires  the  presence  of  a
number of legal entities and money transfers. When using one of these
types of business, the customer can not always use the by-product.
MainCoin is a digital coin that allows solving one of the most
important problems of a diversified business - creation of an ecosystem
that would create a single payment facility and would attract investments
in order for business to develop.
MainCoin  is  the  world's  first  digital  currency  for  creating  and
paying for services that are located in the same ecosystem, and the
currency allows not only to reduce transaction costs by 30%, but also
attract up to 70% of new investors.




www.maincoin.money
Description of the
platform
The automining platform is the creation of a digital coin, which
offers a unique solution for business that works by type of holding, an
investment type structure or other diversified business. Frequently, with
the expansion of the business, free funds are invested only in related
structures  that  can  not  provide  decent  growth  and  lead  only  to  an
arithmetic increase in yield. If you invest in related projects, then there
will be no opportunity to simultaneously control and expand the business
as a whole.
The MainCoin platform officially allows you to invest in expanding
your own business, when a person becomes a participant and buys not
only tokens, but also becomes a co-owner of a business. Actual business.
This  is  a  unique  opportunity  to  not  trust  tokens  in  the  growth  of
exchanges or brokers, and most be in the trend of all business directions
and invest in a growing model.




www.maincoin.money
The platform is different in that all the offered products are built
based not only on the model of the business being developed, but also on
the model of the already operating structure. That is, all issued tokens not
only have growth potential, but now they are fully provided with the
company's resources for possible repayment. The structure of the holding
includes:
Avtomain Investment Fund. This platform involves the existence
of collective investments, which can bring potential growth of  20% to
40% per month on average in the most profitable position. This allows
you to invest free financial resources in projects that are offered by the
holding itself. Placing an external project allows you to scale and diversify
the current business and form new directions for development.
Avtomain Business. This platform seeks to ensure the possibility
of growth and the gradual development of a business that is not yet fully
able to independently generate profits for passive income. The platform
allows you to select business projects and conduct their comprehensive
assessment. It also allows you to assign a rating of potential reliability to
each of the projects.




www.maincoin.money
Avtomain Profit Invest. This product determines the possibilities of
using the investment to finance and implement short-term projects.
Avtomain Taxi. This is a taxi that works with all parties on the
principle of informatization of services and provision of services. The car
fleet is fully owned by the holding, and it has its own cars. The business
has been operating for over 20 years, and hence its model is stable and
has  the  potential  for  expansion.  One  special  feature  of  the  taxi  is
complete openness  - the client sees all the cars when searching, the
manager sees all the correspondence with the driver, and the driver
immediately sees  the  whole  route and  has  the  opportunity of  open
communication between the driver and the passenger.
Avtomain Bestchange. The exchange of digital currencies and fiat
money  for  crypto  currency  is  first  and  foremost  an  opportunity  to
quickly enter into  the  system  and  withdraw  its  investments  from  it.
Moreover the exchanger can work as a standard platform for currency
exchange and crypto currency between themselves.
Avtomain   Crypto   is   a   high-tech   center   where   all  trade
transactions  are  conducted  on  the  basis  of  modern  computer
software which was made on the basis of the latest information and
technology solutions. A special feature of the exchange will be payment
for any transactions in the MNC coin.




www.maincoin.money
Avtomain Traiding   is a resource of free trade in shares of all
companies of the   automine holding. This is an activity as a result of
which you can really increase your financial resources. Each holder of
shares receives dividends from the company, and can also sell them at
a market price.
MAIN  CASH  Money  is  a  settlement  system  between  financial
organizations, business organizations and Internet users when buying and
selling goods and for various services on the Internet.
MainVoice and MainRadio are multimedia actives of Avtomain
holding.




www.maincoin.money
Possibilities for business
Scalability
It is important not only to develop every business is necessary, but
also to contribute to filling it with new content. This may be an increase in
volumes, optimization of business processes or growth in another area,
which is not always contiguous. Once a business needs growth, you need
to use the scaling tools. They allow you to implement large projects in a
short time. It is this exact possibility that MainCoin provides. There is an
opportunity not only to invest in a stable business, but also to scale the
business on the platform.
Security
MainCoin offers to invest only in those projects that are provided
with real assets. Every platform participant who wants to invest or wants
to develop a unique offer for his business can ensure that the minimum
investment is protected by a specific product. There is no risk that the
products will only be developed. There is no risk of a failed start-up. Even
with zero profitability of the project, there will be a return on investment.




www.maincoin.money
Versatility
Customers who could invest in business are located in different
parts of the world and must comply with the law on foreign investment.
With the traditional path, investments are only received in a month or a
longer period. With the use of the MainCoin platform, it is possible to
realize the investment in an extremely short period of time - almost on-
line. Also, if you invest in a diversified business, then you need to invest in
each separate company and its accompanying product line - you need a
separate agreement for each service and there is no possibility to track all
incoming requests at a time. In the proposed MainCoin line, each of the
participants buys immediately access to the ecosystem of products, which
can act not only as an investment product, but also as a means of
payment.
Freedom.
When using MainCoin, an investor on one platform can choose
several investment parameters and gradually develop their own products,
which will later be part of the holding. The transfer of ownership of
tokens is possible at any time. In any amount, the holding's shares can be
sold.  Changes  in  this  organizational-legal  form  or  registration  of
transactions as a transfer of securities is not required.




www.maincoin.money
Platform's business model
This model is based on the principles of collective participation.
Current business becomes the basis for the work of other platforms and
gradually  leads  to  the  possibility  of  investing  from  investors  or
development on the part of the business owners themselves. The model
of this development leads to the fact that the growth of the current
business will allow us to provide consulting and technological services for
the scalability and digitization of third-party businesses.
This works based on the principle of voluntary participation in the
holding and does not require an indispensable transfer of a share in
management. Each enterprise can operate on the market independently
on the basis of a common digital coin.
The growth potential is huge. Each of the businesses is companion
for the other. If earlier integration took months and years, then using the
MainCoin platform, this can be done in a few days. At the same time
advertising for promotion is not required.
The main economic potential indicators are as follows.
The minimum savings from joining the holding-10% of the profits.
It lies in the fact that it does not always require the cost of business
expansion. Ready-made solutions for information support take up to 10%
of the profit, which is completely released.




www.maincoin.money
The forecast for 4-year value due to balancing budgets for 3-year
period and 1-year reserve for testing is shown.
Growth of free funds, % of profit
The share of expenditure of the profits of integration, %
30
22
22,5
16
15
12
10
7,5
8
6
2                                                                               1,2
0
2019                                                                            2020   2021   2022
If we consider the current business, the turnover of the smallest
collective instrument is not less than $ 100 million. In accordance with
this, we believe that the potential cost savings in the first year alone will
be from 10 to 20 million dollars on the trend line indicated by us.




www.maincoin.money
The growth of the economy from the use of the platform, $ million
Revenue growth from related products, $ million
Reducing the cost of business expansion, million dollars.
20
15
10
5
0
0                                                                         3   6   9   12
Years of business
The prospect of growth will depend on how much growth will be
guaranteed and justified by the exchange rate of the platform token, as
well as real business indicators.




www.maincoin.money
Platform's mission
The  mission  is  to  create  a  successful  business  project.  For  a
business that already works. There are already a lot of projects that
promise growth, but the possibility of integrating the investment product
and real business into a single ecosystem is a task of prime importance.
Business can not develop if it does not accelerate the processes of
its  transmission,  investment  and  minimize  the  costs  of  scaling  and
digitalization. If we consider this aspect, then getting the opportunity to
reduce the response time to business processes in traditional business
areas - all this can give a significant increase for the economic product.
And it will allow in any conditions to attract investors from all over the
world, not only institutional, but also private.




www.maincoin.money
The token and its growth
factors
The  MNC  token  is  provided  by  a  number  of  real  business
parameters.
All tokens are provided by fully real business. There is a part of the
real business that will generate potential revenue for projects. But at the
same time, the same part will ensure the stability of the business during
its tokenization.
Forecasts for the growth of the token price are based on the
analysis of such projects, which have received their development and
sang a number of ICO. In this regard, we expect the token to grow
according to the standard formula.
In the first case, the token may be a negotiable asset on the
exchange. In this case, its growth factors are an increase in its value for
access to the holding's ecosystem. Given that the number of tokens is
limited and does not involve growth in geometric progression and public
turnover on the exchange, then the value of the token may vary from
nominal value to values exceeding its 5-fold value.




www.maincoin.money
The potential growth of the token time
0                                                                               22,5                      45   67,5                     90
                                                                                Token growth at startup        Promising token growth
The second case is an investment type token. Since all tokens are
provided with real business indicators, and business can be used as a
platform  for  scaling  and  will  gradually  grow,  including  through  the
implementation  of  individual  trends  and  the  development  of  an
ecosystem within the holding, it is worth noting that the growth of the
token will be tied to the growth the main business indicators, which can
generate  passive  income  and  a  token,  not  being  in  fact,  can  be  an
investment. Moreover, such a role of the token is not the main one, and




www.maincoin.money
ICO Model
ICO company is supposed to be conducted in several
stages. Token Type Token implements ERC20 and
Burnable interfaces
The total issue is 500,000,000 tokens.
There are 250000000 tokens for sale that are provided with real
business indicators and can be converted into product shares if necessary.
The distribution of tokens is planned in the following order:
                                                                             Date                    Discount   Token price
Presale 1                                                                    29.10.2018-29.11.2018   75  %      15 cent
Presale 2                                                                    29.11.2018-19.12.2018   50  %      30 cent
Presale 3                                                                    19.12.2018-08.01.2019   25  %      45 cent
Sale                                                                         As needed               0  %       60 cent
The  balance  of  unallocated  tokens,  as  well  as  a  reserve  of
250,000,000 tokens, is held in the ICO fund.




www.maincoin.money
Tokens can be sold to finance current business needs in cash,
ensuring business growth without using credit funds.




www.maincoin.money
Arbitration process
Arbitration of transactions occurs in a manual mode on the basis
of the decision and the requirements of the legislation of the country in
which the project is registered. To start arbitration, the party should
consult the administration and state its problem.
The term of arbitration is established on the basis of contractual
obligations and agreements between partners that have established the
transaction.
The amount of claims - in the amount of material security, which
was  made  by  the  parties  to  the  transaction.  If  there  is  no  material
security, all the risks are borne by the parties to the transaction.




www.maincoin.money
The competitive
environment and
advantages of the
MainCoin platform
Advantages of the MainCoin platform are based on the fact that
business in the world requires digitalization services, introduction of a
system of unified payment and reduction of transaction costs. Each of
these  services  requires  the  cost  and  complete  reformatting  of  the
business
Business integration
The proposed project allows to integrate all these aspects into a
single structure and optimize the cost of business expansion.
Not to mention that every business is looking for an opportunity
to invest or attract investment on the basis of entering new markets,
where scaling requires additional costs and more than 20% of the funds
received  is  spent  not  on  integration  into  the  product,  but  only  on




www.maincoin.money
The benefits of digitalization
The use of the proposed site allows you to completely eliminate
the cost of searching for investments or investment objects, reduces the
cost of business expansion and digitalization by 50-60%.
Expenses without digitization, %
Costs with the digitization, %
100
70
0                                                                          25   50   75   100
In quantitative terms, it saves up to 30% of operating expenses
and up to 50% of profit,




www.maincoin.money
And  of  course  timeline.  In  today's  world,  who  will  launch  the
project faster, he will be on top.
Under the traditional v s, weeks                                           When using the platform, weeks
12
12
9
6
3
1
0
Development of business processes takes from  2 months to a
year. After that, it is necessary to adapt the software and rewrite all
internal regulations. The proposed platform proposes to reduce the time
to 1 week without changing the logic of internal processes. We integrate
into Your business.




www.maincoin.money
Team
ALEXANDER FIRSOV
London, UK
The Head Of The Holding Avtomain
RATMIR DAVYDOV
Moscow, Russia
Head of IT technology Department
FARIDA GAYSINA
Ufa, Bashkortostan
Head of international relations Department of
Avtomain holding.




www.maincoin.money
OLGA PANKOVA
Anapa, Russia
Head of the Department of Finance of the
holding Avtomain. Manager of the holding
Avtomain taxi.
ELENA SEREBRENNIKOVA
Gelendzhik, Russia
Top sales Leader of Avtomain holding.
DMITRY MAMITKO
Vladivostok, Russia
Head of online school "Profi" of Avtomain
holding.




www.maincoin.money
PAVEL KRATIROV
Nizhny Novgorod
Head of Department of security service of
Avtomain holding.
LUBOV AFANASYEVA
Novorossiysk, Russia
Head of marketing development Department
of Avtomain holding
ELENA NASHILEVSKAYA
Ekibastuz, Kazakhstan
Business coach, head of the Department of
advertising development and promotion of
the holding Avtomain in the social.networks.




www.maincoin.money
ELENA KOROBEYNIKOVA
Sarapul, Udmurtia
Head of design Studio Department of
Avtomain holding.
NADEZHDA KIREEVA
Rostov-on-don, Russia
Head of the Department of psychology, ethics
and relations of Avtomain holding
SERGEY POLUKARIKOV
Petrozavodsk, Russia
Head of technical support Department of
Avtomain holding.




www.maincoin.money
Risks
Legal risks
MainCoin work may violate vehicle regulations.
In the legislation of the country in which MainCoin is planned to
be used, the proposed project may be banned or the activities in which
the project is being progressively implemented are prohibited.
The buyer can provide unreliable confirmation of his solvency.
The project can attract professionals who are competitors and
thus the project will not be implemented.
To  overcome  these  risks,  it  is  necessary  to  comply  with  the
restrictions imposed by legislation on project participants.
It is worth noting the risk when the project is implemented in
violation of the laws of one country. In this case, the project should be
marked as limited in use geographically.
Developers  of  the  project  may  terminate  the  order  for  the
provision of the holding's products to third parties if the project reveals a
violation of copyright, design and other attractions of third parties.




www.maincoin.money
Economic risks
The risk of non-payment in the presence of a fully completed
project and the formalization of the task.
The choice of a contractor, who initially did not qualify for the task.
Stating a problem that can not have a solution.
The  constant  appeal  of  the  parties  to  arbitration  because  of
inconsistency of tasks.
Appeal to the courts due to the unresolved conflict.
Overcoming risks is determined by the fact that when working on
a project all users accept by default all conditions when the final decision
is made by the administration.
Technological risks
The creators of the platform determine that at any time there may
be  an  opportunity  and  a  technological  solution  that  will  work  more
efficiently than the developed platform.
The platform is an idea, which is embodied in the proposed project
for  the  production  of  protective  coatings  for  vehicles.  The  full
functionality of the platform is planned and can be changed at any time.
The platform is developed on the basis of a smart contract and
does not act as an exchange offering services to further ensure the
implementation of the project.
Overcoming  risks  is  possible  with  the  improvement  of  the




www.maincoin.money
technological  basis  of  the  platform  and  ensuring  the  safety  of  its
activities. The creators will make a significant amount of effort, but will
not  take  into  account  the  possibility  of  a  potential  decrease  in  the
parameters of the activity from the usability of the platform. In general,
there  will  be  an  opportunity  for  further  growth.  The  remaining
technological points will be realized during the discussion and analysis of
the overall situation.




www.maincoin.money
Summary
MainCoin allows you to create a system that can almost instantly
create  a  single  system  and  digitize  the  business.  No  need  to  hire
consultants. No need to order expertise. You can scale the business a lot
in one week.
The MNC token is supported by the real business. All assets are
protected and can be used not only to pay for services, but also to
develop  business  from  the  outside.  The  possibility  of  expanding  the
business due to its digitization is assumed.
It is potentially possible to reduce the cost of investment risks to
60%, costs up to 30% when transferring the business to a digital basis.
Scaling business can be implemented in various ways, including the
connection of third-party business to the proposed platform. Through a
token, a business can get resources for development, a token allows you
to move financial flows between companies within a few seconds. All this
allows us to conclude that we are developing a vitally important platform.





