Whitepaper
Version 1.6
October 1, 2018
© 2018 MyCryptoBank. All Rights Reserved.




TABLE OF CONTENT
                     Introduction                                    4
1.                   FinTech Market Analysis                         7
2.                   Team Experience                                 12
3.                   Blockchain Startups-in the sphere of FinTech.   14
                     Why MyCryptoBank?
4.                   МyCryptoBank Description                        18
5.                   Main Services                                   19
5.1                  Wallet (mobile cryptobank)                      20
5.2                  Bank Cards and Payment Rings                    20
5.3                  Cryptocurrency Exchange                         23
5.4                  Fund transfer all over the world                23
5.5                  MyCryptoBank Credits and P2P loans              24
5.5.1                Credits                                         24
5.5.2                P2P loans                                       25
5.6                  Cryptocurrency acquiring                        25
5.7                  Crypto ATM and cryptomachines                   27
5.8                  Deposit percents (Bank Deposit)                 28
5.9                  Forex Trade                                     28
5.10                 Rendering of consulting and legal services,     29
including taxation
2




6.    MyCryptoBank project token                        29
6.1   Basic privileges of MyCryptoBank status           31
      holders
6.2   Access to P2P crediting system                    32
6.3   Use of tokens                                     32
6.4   Credit history                                    32
6.5   Operational procedure                             33
6.6   Cash distribution                                 33
6.7   Risk management and borrower default              33
7.    Platform selection for MCB token                  34
8.    Financial plan of MyCryptoBank                    35
8.1   Market and competitive landscape                  35
8.2   Financial planning                                37
8.3   Profit distribution                               40
8.4   Investment prospects                              41
9.    Roadmap                                           42
10.   Order and rules for ICO conducting                44
11.   Future of MyCryptoBank and project perspectives   46
12.   Team and advisors                                 48
      Repudiation                                       57
      Risk factors                                      57
3




Introduction
Every third person in the world practicing digital activity is a constant user of FinTech-services
now. So, FinTech as the future of finances does not look like any speculative scenario any
more. Recent data demonstrates double-digit growth of technology adoption in the  last 18
months. Countries and industries leading in 2015 only increase its share. The sphere of  money
transfer and payments is most actively developed. According to FinTech Adoption Index
2017 study, out of 22 000 people interviewed in 20 countries 50% use services for  making
payments and transfers and 65% are going to do it in the future.
The globalization of our planet leads to globalization of relations among its whole population.
Today, the demand for digital money is very high. «Internet digital currency» is safe, based on  the
internet, accessible currency, assisting all people without bank accounts in getting access to  funds
and also allows making fast and cheap transfers of funds without any geographic limitations.
Smartphone popularity in developed countries and speed of its expansion in developing countries
permit such companies as MyCryptoBank to offer services of full platform of banking. We can use
it having only a smartphone and debit card.
The popularity of digital banking in the world does not slow down. Comfort, speed and safety
—  are not only additional advantages for users, they are standard requirements in modern
relations “client-bank”.
One of the directions determining the future of bank business, is banking based on blockchain
technologies. This technology is much faster, more efficient and less fallible, than traditional
automatic clearing house (ACH). Blockchain can save time and money for banks and make
payments practically momentary for users. However, the decentralized nature of blockchain
significantly troubles the performance of any fraudulent and criminal operations.
Smart-contracts are one of the most interesting elements of blockchain banking. These Smart-
contracts allow users changing money, shares and other assets in safe and non-conflict way.
Like a traditional contract, smart-contract defines rules of agreement and penalties for its
performance. However, the most important thing is that this smart-contract automatically fulfills
the compliance with obligations.
MyCryptoBank — is an online bank allowing any client registered in the electronic bank
system to make a full range of bank operations, additional operations with cryptocurrency
(payment  processing,  debit  cards,  credits  and  cheap  investment  products,  use
of  cryptoassets as credit security and many others) based on Blockchain technology
without visit of department. So, MyCryptoBank provides services of client’s remote
access to accounts, products and bank services in order to make banking operations.
4




use BOTH currencies
Faster operations
Cheaper operations
All-round acceptance
Multifunctional platform
of banking service                                                                                    Validity
in ONE account
MyCryptoBank offers its clients a multifunctional platform of banking service, which
represents a hybrid system combining digital and traditional currencies. The use of
digital currencies makes operations faster and cheaper, while traditional currencies
guarantee practically all-round acceptance and validity. One account combination
allows clients simultaneously using advantages of both types of currencies.
The  number  of  companies  offering  its  services  online  increases  while  implementing  IT-
technologies in daily life in the whole world. Finances, education, health, trade and entertainment
become actively digital in order to satisfy requirements of available clients and attract new ones.
MyCryptoBank will become a fully digital bank, accessible all over the world and at any moment.
It  will make all functions of a typical bank but without any bank departments and front-offices
maximum relying on new digital technologies. This will allow MyCryptoBank to become one
of  the most inexpensive banks in the world with very profitable level of cost-to-profit ratio.
In modern world states are divided into  2 camps: supporting cryptocurrencies and those
institutions trying to prohibit it due to threat to economy. And even in those cases, which
are loyal to  cryptocurrencies, for example Estonia where the license permitting to work with
cryptocurrencies can be received, banks block client accounts, who anyway are related to
cryptocurrencies. And such a problem exists in many countries (Finnish Crypto Exchange Risks
Collapse As Banks Refuse To Do Business, Bank rejects Your Crypto Business? Go to Court,
Dutch banks refuse accounts for cryptocurrency businesses, Two Major Indian Crypto Exchanges
Shuttered, Court Orders Chilean Banks to Re-Open Crypto Exchange Accounts). Banks sabotage
the process of its implementation in everyday life, strongly disturbing the openings of such
accounts for  companies, performing ICO, and also may block the account of such company at
any moment. This creates a big problem for the  cryptocommunity, which would like to buy and
sell cryptocurrencies, accept and send funds in fiat money (money of different countries USD,
EUR, RUB etc.) for  token purchase when performing ICO and further free transfer money all over
the  world without fear of account blocking.
5




Online banking
                                                                                                     Bank Deposits
and mobile cryptobank
Multi-Currency exchange
                                                                                                     ATM infrustructure
(including cryptocurrencies)
                                                                                                     Virtual Card, Debit Card
Loans and P2P Loans
                                                                                                     or Payment Ring, Multi-Digital card
Money Transfer                                                                                       Consulting Services
Crypto Acquiring                                                                                     Forex Trading
MyCryptoBank is intended to solve this problem. It will become the first bank for cryptocommunity,
allowing clients to receive and send funds in cryptocurrencies and fiat money and also exchange
between cryptocurrencies and fiat money inside the bank. With MyCryptoBank it will be possible
to create deposits, receive loans and credits. The bank will create an infrastructure which will
allow setting acquiring and merchants for goods payment for companies and online services.
Clients will be able to receive bank cards and with the help of it they will take available funds
through any ATM in the world and also pay in shops, restaurants etc. For client convenience,
the bank plans to install ATM and crypto ATM, assisting in making operations on cryptocurrency
purchase and cash receipt with minimum fees. In the usual sense, it will be typical bank with
the whole range of services but loyal to cryptocurrencies and cryptocommunity. It  will give an
undeniable advantage over other financial institutions, attract many clients and their funds
for creation of bank’s positive liquidity and allow supporting and developing all products of
MyCryptoBank.
6




1.                                                                                                    FinTech Market Analysis
FinTech is an organization applying innovative business-models and related technologies
for improvement or radical transformation of financial services economic sector.
As already mentioned, financial technologies have already moved from hype phase and inno-
vative and new stream status to main stream and absorbed the most part of the economically
active population in developed countries. The most part of millenials hardly distinguish FinTech
from simple term of finances. Banking, online purchases, trading and other financial operations
have been closely associated with internet technologies use.
Curiously enough, FinTech found (p.7) its widest expansion both on user quantity and population
share in developing markets: China (69% of population use FinTech-products), India (52%) and
Brazil (40%). Calculating above mentioned figures, Ernst & Young analyzed all age and social
categories of users. However, it’s obvious that percents will be significantly higher if you narrow
the survey group to more young people and the economically active population.
69%
Figure 1:
52%
FinTech adoption rates across
our 20 markets
42%
13%
40%
14%
18%
37%
27%
FinTech
26%                                                                                                   Ireland                   adoption      Spain   37%
                                                                                                                                at a glance
27%
                                                                                                                                                      37%
27%
                                                                                                                                                      35%
Notes:
The figures show FinTech users
30%
as a percentage of the digitally                                                                      35%
active population.
32%                                                                                                   33%
All figures are shown in percentages.                                                                 32%
*Belgium and Luxemburg                                                                                Average adoption
**Hong Kong SAR of China                                                                              33%
7




Mobile banking, international money transfers, financial planning, savings and investments,
stock trading and other international financial markets, receipt of loans, credits and mortgage
loans, insurance — now, all these processes   mostly function within FinTech sector company
products and developments. Economically active users, younger than 25 years old, most likely
have never practiced the above mentioned capacities outside online space. So, it’s not difficult
to assume that in 10 years FinTech-startups will represent not only active and significant players
of financial market, but will also set the bar for all traditional companies and financial institutions
in the sphere of approaching to work with consumers.
Not surprisingly, in such a situation large market players quickly acknowledged see change in  the
market and do not cede to young companies in rate of development of FinTech products inside
its corporate R&D structures. According to McKinsey estimates, in the nearest future, large
technologic companies, which capacity anyhow is directly related to financial markets or within
partnerships with large market players, will set trends in the FinTech market.
Of all industries where FinTech developments are mostly popular, banking and fund transfers
demonstrate the highest level of use activity.
Figure 2:
Comparison of the top five markets with the highest FinTech category
Money transfer                                                                                                                                 Financial   Savings and   Borrowing   Insurance
and payments                                                                                                                                   planning    investments
1                                                                                                                                              China       83%           China       22%         China       58%   China     46%   India          47%
2                                                                                                                                              India       72%           Brazil      21%         India       39%   India     20%   UK             43%
3                                                                                                                                              Brazil      60%           India       20%         Brazil      29%   Brazil    15%   China          38%
4                                                                                                                                              Australia   59%           USA         15%         USA         27%   USA       13%   South Africa   32%
5                                                                                                                                              UK          57%           Hong Kong   15%         Hong Kong   25%   Germany   12%   Germany        31%
Note: The figures show the average percentage of respondents in each market who reported using one or  more FinTech service in that category
8




Figure 3:
Comparison of current and anticipated future use of Fintech, by FinTech category
2017 use                                                                                                                                       Future use
65
50
                                                                                                                                                                                      39
                                                                                                                                                            33
                                                                                                                                                                                      24
                                                                                                                                               18           20            20
                                                                                                                                               10                         10
Money transfer                                                                                                                                 Financial    Savings and
                                                                                                                                                                          Borrowing   Insurance
and payments                                                                                                                                   planning     investments
Note: The future use data in this chart has been updated from the first edition of our report. In this updated version, that chart shows the
average future anticipated use of at least one FinTech service in each category by all respondents. the first edition of our report showed
future anticipated use by current users of one of more FinTech service, which was as follows: Money transfer and payments — 88%;
Financial planning — 22%; Savings and investments — 42%; Borrowing — 26%; Insurance — 55%.
So, we may conclude that consumer banking will be the centre of all-round explosion of
traditional business processes in the financial industry. In order to satisfy the requirements of
basic users, suppliers of such services should be focused on product intuitive design, simplicity
of use,  24/7 accessibility and speed of application handling, transaction performance etc.
FinTech-developments help to increase the total number of bank service users because of its
accessibility all over the world, comfort of use and absence of minimal requirements to capital
and other requirements of regulative nature, which should not be bypassed without use of
innovative technologies.
According to PwC forecasts (p. 4), almost half of current companies in such industries like online
retailing, finances, informational technologies, social networks and mass medium will intensively
develop in direction of FinTech technologies. It’s worthy of note that 3 of 4 startups, appearing in
our time, are anyhow related to the FinTech industry.
Simultaneously with the activity of large companies at young market, specialists of FinТech-
startups understand that to achieve success of their products they need not only capital but
client base too. If the first one can be found through investment attraction from business-angels,
incubators or institutions, than increase of user quantity (that’s critically important for new
technology where client confidence takes a significant part) is a complex task in the actively
developing  (and as a result intense) market. These circumstances are for large companies
with any capital, client base and willing to apply new technologies and startups with finished
constantly developing product. Obvious win-win exists in the form of partnership which most
often finishes as M&A.
The largest M&A relating to US Companies within the specified period became Intact purchase
by Sage Group ($850M);
CardConnect purchased by First Data Corporation ($750M);
Xactly absorbed by Vista Equity Partners ($564M).
9




The largest M&A outside USA became:
ConCardis (Germany) purchased by Bain Capital ($806M);
Prodigy Finance (UK) attracted $240M at Series С;
Dianrong (PRC) attracted $220M at series D.
Any attentive reader, studying the abovementioned charts, could not have been found the
typical moment among it — sharp decline of total volume of investment transactions and its
quantity. Curiously enough but the reason of it served another FinTech-technology becoming
so popular that it grew into a separate market. All analysts reasonably exclude this market of
statistics on  venture, private investment and M&A. This blockchain technology  (distributed
ledger technology).
Except many other ways of application of blockchain in the FinTech industry which large
technology players and banks actively use, there is ICO (Initial Coin Offering) exceeding according
to  numerous estimates VC and PE (Private Equity) investments. As for startups and own projects
of large companies directly linked with the use of blockchain technology — difference in efficiency
method of investment gathering is obvious.od of investment gathering is obvious.
For the last 14 months blockchain-startups                                                            However, the total quantity of transactions
attracted  about 1,3 billion dollars through                                                          in the sphere of VC exceeded twice ICO
traditional VC and PE investments, while                                                              performed.
ICO have brought to its organizers in total
more 4,5 billion dollars.
Figure 4:                                                                                             Figure 5:
Blockchain and Blockchain adjacent                                                                    Blockchain and Blockchain adjacent
dollar volume by funding round type,                                                                  deal volume by funding round type,
2017-2018 YTD                                                                                         2017-2018 YTD
2012 through late February 2018; data sourced from                                                    2012 through late February 2018; data sourced from
Crunchbase.                                                                                           Crunchbase.
22%
                                                                                                      32%
65
65
                                                                                                      68%
78%
ICO                                                                                                   ICO
Venture capital                                                                                       Venture capital
10




The obvious conclusion out of these statistics is that ICO is several times more effective tool
of  investment attraction than traditional methods.
The presented difference is not surprising because ICO by its nature (token issue for investors,
which further will be applied inside the ecosystem of the project and its product) is much
more comfortable for investment attraction. Moreover, the fact of organized ICO performance
demonstrates investors technical competence of the team in the sphere of blockchain technology.
The most popular ICO is Filecoin  ($257 mln), Tezos  ($232 mln) и Bancor  ($152.3 mln) at
the  moment except ICO Telegram.
Blockchain as a technology most adequately and efficiently meeting challenges of modern financial
industry recommended itself among large market players. According to PwC respondent data,
55% of representatives of large companies specializing in FinTech-industry, plan to  implement
blockchain in its business processes in the nearest future — this figure will increase up  to  77%
with the forecast for 2020.
In addition to the more popular use of Ripple by banks and financial institutions, the financial
world knows many other examples of the use of blockchain technologies in business.
Both main conclusions made within this chapter, suggest that MyCryptoBank is highly demanded
by the present FinTech market. First of all, online banking remains the main category of Fin Tech
market on demand among users; secondly, blockchain is accepted by the main representatives
of industry as one of the most useful tools in improvement of business processes in the financial
market; thirdly, now, ICO remains the best method for attraction of investments in blockchain-
projects.
11




2.                                                                                                  Team Experience
MyCryptoBank project is performed by the professional experienced team
in  the financial sphere.
MyCryptoBank includes Viplat, organized in 2006 as a complex manufacturer of self-service
provisioning. The main direction of company capacity is a manufacturing of payment terminals
and software development. Now, this company has 5000 terminals in RF and plans to begin
installing crypto-terminals all over the world where it’s possible according to legislation. Over
the years the company could take place among first manufacturers and suppliers of self-service
terminals since 2010 the company regularly participates in tender procedures for its supply
for different state institutions. Work with foreign suppliers of electronic components helped to
achieve high quality and reliability of equipment, that’s the main criteria of successful work in
24/7 mode.
Partners and company loyal customers:
Communication providers (Megafon, MTS, Tele2, Beeline);
Celluar retailers (Euroset, Svyaznoy);
Product retailers (X5, Okey, Magnit, Semya, Polushka, Dixi);
Filing station chains (Lukoil, Gazpromneft, Tatneft, Linos);
Hypermarkets, office buildings, educational institutions, hospitals, document centers etc.
In 2016, own payment system was created and developed payment processing center capable
of processing up to 20 thousand payments per minute. Now, more than 5000 payment terminals
are connected to Viplat payment system, located on the whole territory of RF. The project
department of this company regularly receives applications for development of new type of
equipment capable of robotizing any specific task. The company`s daily turnoved exceeds
$100,000.
Now VIPLAT is:
5k                                                                                                  10k                      20k                   10
terminals                                                                                           machines                 payments/min          years
5000 payment                                                                                        More than 10 000 self-   Processing up to 20   10 years at the
terminals                                                                                           service machines of      thousands payments    market
                                                                                                    different purpose        in a minute
12




Also among MyCryptoBank founders are experienced Forex and crypto traders, who have
been successfully trading since 2012 and know this market in detail. So, in 2014, to improve
trade positions and avoid agents and additional fees at the market in the form of brokers they
purchased trader platform. In 2015, they signed an agreement with one of largest suppliers
of Forex liquidity for direct access to interbank trading on the most favorable prices that led to
significant trade improvements. In April, 2018, after MyCryptoBank approval and making the
decision, that our cryptobank will represent the most profitable trade conditions at Forex for
its clients with the best liquidity, work began on Trader’s Personal Account creation and signing
agreements with different payment services. Our team creates a really high-tech company of
world-class intended for client.
Now, MyCryptoBank Forex is as follows:
Collaboration with the largest liquidity suppliers (agreement signed with CFH Clearing)
Different methods of fund input/output (bank transfers, MasterCard, Visa, Webmoney,
Skrill, Bitcoin etc.);
Immediate money transactions;
ECN                                                                                                  ECN-NDD technology;
Developing multifunctional account of the trader for control of his finances;
Partner program for attraction of clients.
In  addition,  the  membership  of  MyCryptoBank  includes  new  1bit.online  crypto  currency
exchange, which start up will occur some day. This Company received licenses  for turnover and
keeping of cryptocurrency and virtual valuables in Estonia.
So, MyCryptoBank team has relevant experience in the sphere of FinTech as on the territory of RF
and abroad, and consists of professionals with different competences necessary for successful
project implementation.
13




3.                                                                                                  Blockchain-startups in the sphere
of FinTech. Why MyCryptoBank?
Now, in the sphere of FinTech there are a lot of blockchain-startups, an idea of cryptobank is
investigated many times by different teams, some of them have already performed their own
ICOs. At the same time, its creation attempts always become unrealized up to the end, we may
declare that now, no one crypto-business fully functions in the world.
The largest part of these projects failed at the stage of bank license receipt for work with
cryptocurrency in the Euro-zone and USA - these countries choice was conditioned by any wish
to  demonstrate its reliability before clients. However, local regulators do not give banks any
licenses for work with cryptocurrency.
We meet the rules in MyCryptoBank and in contrast with the largest part of competitors, we  share
our processes of bank license receipt and license for work with cryptocurrency that leads us
legally to work both with fiat money and cryptocurrencies.
May 7, 2018, company, being a member of financial holding, which realizes MyCryptoBank
project, received licenses in Estonia for cryptocurrency and virtual value turnover and keeping:
•   Provider of a service of exchanging a virtual currency against a fiat currency № FVR000139;
•    Provider of a virtual currency wallet service № FRK000118.
License №FVR000139:
14




License №FVK000118:
These licenses allow the right persons to render services on change, turnover, transfer and
keeping of cryptocurrencies and other virtual values for clients from any point of the world, both
in representative offices and remotely through modern channels of communications. You may
check your license here.
In our opinion, now, this jurisdiction (Estonia) is the most optimal for receipt of license to work
with cryptocurrency in Europe but considering that in different countries the legislation does
not stay in place, changes happen and appear new laws and new regulators — we reserve the
right to  select individually the country or countries where necessary licenses may be received,
optimally suited for work of our cryptobank. After the performance of ICO MyCryptoBank will
submit documents to receive bank license type B (international bank license) of Cayman Islands.
Our team understands that now, it’s much more simple to receive this bank license and undergo
a  procedure of verification for bank in offshore state with good reputation, which loyally relates
to cryptomarket. Cayman Islands were selected as such state, having offices of 50 large banks
of the world.
15




The receipt of bank license of Cayman Islands  (https://www.cima.ky/laws-and-regulations,
BanksandTrustCompaniesLaw2018.pdf)  allows  making  legal  all  process  and  receive  cor.
account, sign the agreement with SWIFT, agreements on VISA and MASTERCARD card issue,
and also agreements with correspondent banks. Now, we prepare necessary documents for
filing of  application on license receipt. In addition, we consider the possibility of purchasing any
operating bank with all necessary bank licenses and finished infrastructure to accelerate the
process on cryptobank startup. The purchase of such operating bank will decrease time to start
by about 6 months. Also, after ICO performance the payment license and EMI license in Estonia
will be  received.
After conclusion of all abovementioned stages and receiving usual bank licenses it plans to begin
negotiations with the regulator at Cayman Islands for bank receipt of additional license to work
with cryptocurrencies. This will be much easier to do in case of available bank license and license
for turnover and keeping of cryptocurrency and virtual values. In parallel we plan, if necessary,
to  start up the process of license receipt for work with cryptocurrency in key countries.
Advantages of MyCryptoBank before any favorite traditional bank are obvious and shown
in  the  following table:
                                                                                                        Traditional bank                    MyCryptoBank
                                                                                                        Depends on legislation of country
Business Geography                                                                                                                          No limits for business
                                                                                                        of residence
Client quantity                                                                                         Limited                             No limits
Development                                                                                             Expensive and slow                  Fast and relatively not expensive
International transfers                                                                                 Limited by territory high fee       Not territory limits, low fee
Transfer price                                                                                          Commission up to 9%                 Commission up to 0.1%
Transfer speed                                                                                          Some days                           Some minutes
Large sum withdrawal                                                                                    Some days                           Some minutes
Control                                                                                                 Centralization                      Decentralized
Currency exchange                                                                                       Commission up to 8%                 Commission up to 0.1%
Security                                                                                                Centralization of checking system   Decentralized account
Work Hours                                                                                              Depends on labor legislation        24/365
Necessary for business
Offices                                                                                                 Not required
development
16




As for competitors-cryptobanks, the largest part of banks are at the planning stage, only some
banks have competitive products and no banks have licenses. The rich backstory is an important
advantage of MyCryptoBank, project team works since  2006 and has finished business, as
opposed to many other projects, being at the stage of idea. In this respect, our team is intended
to move strictly in accordance with announced plans and support its reputation.
Our team has received licenses for turnover and keeping сryptocurrencies and virtual values and
now, it actively works with leading legal companies on bank license receipt.
Comparative analysis of MyCryptoBank with other cryptobanks
My
                                                                                                        Coins               Crypto     Token      Crypt      Bank       FORTY                 Poly
Name                                                                                                    Crypto                                    Bankera               BAAB       CASHA
                                                                                                        Bank                pay        pay        erium      4You       SEVEN                 bius
Bank
Not
ICO
started                                                                                                 Finished            Finished   Finished   Finished   Finished   Finished   Finished   Finished   Finished   Finished
Status
yet
Mobile
M       P
Bank
Bank
Card
Crytoex-
change
Credits
Crypto-
acquiring
Crypto
ATM
Bank
transfers
Deposits
License
Forex
trade
Legal
and con-
sulting
services
ready solution available                                                                                not planned
plans (blue point)
(green check)                                                                                           (red criss-cross)
So, MyCryptoBank will become the first in the world autonomous multifunctional platform
of   banking  services,  combining  digital  and  traditional  currencies,  intended  to  solve  such
problems as freedom of cryptocurrency purchase/sale, transfers of fiat funds for token purchase
and further fund transfer all over the world without any risk of blocking accounts, confirmation
of  validity of funds, received from cryptocurrency sale and further its use.
17




4.                                                                                                   МyCryptoBank Description
MyCryptoBank  will  represent  a  typical  bank  with
the whole range of services but loyal to cryptocurrency
and the cryptocommunity.
In  other  words,  MyCryptoBank  —  is  an  online  bank  allowing
any client performing a full range of  bank operations, added by
operations with cryptocurrencies such as: payment processing,
debit cards, credits and cheap investment products. It’s also
possible to use cryptoassets as  credit security. All these services
will be available for clients without any bank office visits.
So,  MyCryptoBank  provides  services  of  client’s  remote  access  to  accounts,  products  and
bank services and allows performing all bank operations. MyCryptoBank offers its clients a
multifunctional platform of banking service, which represents a hybrid system combining digital
including cryptographic and traditional currencies. The use of digital currencies makes operations
faster and cheaper, while traditional currencies guarantee practically all-round acceptance and
validity. One account combination allows clients simultaneously using advantages of both types
of  currencies.
MyCryptoBank will become a fully digital bank, accessible all over the world and at any moment.
It will conduct all functions of a typical bank but without any bank departments and front-offices
maximum relying on new digital technologies. This will allow MyCryptoBank to become one
of  the most inexpensive banks in the world with a very profitable level of cost-to-profit ratio.
The main way to get profit by the bank will be fee for operations performed, which will be applied
in case of internal operations realization, such as conversion, internal cryptocurrency exchange,
cryptocurrency withdrawal, fund transfer. Maximum fee volume charged by the bank for holders
of tokens will not be more than 1%.
Fee size and also other service conditions will be dependent on account state and account
turnover. Clients will be assigned Standard, Silver, Gold or Platinum status depending on token
quantity, which they hold.
Below, a detailed range of planned services is shown.
18




5.                                                                       Main Services
Main service, available for all clients of MyCryptoBank:
1.   Wallet (mobile cryptobank);
2.   Bank card and Payment Rings;
3.   Exchange of cryptocurrency/ cryptocurrency, cryptocurrency /fiat;
4.   Money transfer all over the world;
5.   Financing and loans P2P;
6.   Cryptocurrency acquiring;
7.   Crypto-ATM and cryptomachines;
8.   Deposit percents;
9.   Forex Trade;
10. Consulting and legal services, including taxes;
19




5.1                                                                                                      Wallet (mobile cryptobank)
Payments are available                                                                                   Instant paiments without
in any country and online                                                                                limitations
The interaction with
Loyalty programs
Apple Pay, Sumsung Pay
and Cash Back
or Android Pay
Payments in both — crypto
Сontactless payments
and fiat currencies
This is a mobile application, representing a set of payment services for its clients. Services include
emission of virtual cards of payment systems. Until this bank receives a license this service will
be performed with the participation of bank-partners but soon, MyCryptoBank will be able to
issue cards independently.
All main operations of MyCryptoBank will be available through mobile bank: cryptocurrency
exchange, cryptocurrency conversion to fiat money and vice versa, immediate fund transfer
all over the world, request and issue of credits, bank deposit opening and Forex trade. Loyalty
programs will also be organized with the possibility to receive cashback on operations or  balance.
However, the interaction with Apple Pay, Samsung Pay or Android Pay will be organized and
contactless payment possibility will be performed too.
5.2                                                                                                      Bank Cards and Payment Rings
Virtual
card
Physical card
20




5.2.1                                                                                            Debit Cards
To make cryptocurrency transactions in payment system trading networks will be issued
virtual cards Visa, Mastercard and UnionPay and mobile services Apple Pay, Samsung Pay or
Android Pay will also be attracted. This allows not only paying through standard POS-terminals
with PayPass, payWave, QuickPass support and sites, receiving bank cards for payment but
also withdrawal or deposit cash through ATM, working with paypass payments.
An issue of cryptocurrency debit cards will be also performed offering users simultaneous
control flexibility of several cryptocurrencies and fiat money. Debit cards also serve as a
comfortable means of payment during travels because in many cases cryptocurrencies do
not depend on  limits and concrete states due to easy conversion in different currencies.
Any debit card is also combined with user cryptowallet and fiat accounts. With the help
of online banking any user can make a selection - attach card to the account of concrete
currency or traditional fiat account. The card also is suitable for payment of purchases in
Internet and offline-shops.
5.2.2                                                                                            Payment Rings
MyCryptoBank  also  plans  to  issue  payment
rings                                                                                            —  a  paypass  card  analog,  integrated
in  bank payment system and allowing to make
payment similar to a bank card. A miniature chip
(NFC module) is integrated in the ring such as
in paypass bank card. To make a payment, it’s
enough to bring the ring to the payment terminal
and the necessary amount will be written off.
Such rings are ideal for making small purchases — rings save time, because a client does
not need to  get any bank card or mobile phone. MyCryptoBank payment rings also may be
used for  online purchase payment: each ring receives a number, validity period and CVV-
verification code.
Due to new technologies, MyCryptoBank payment ring has high strength and is not afraid
of  loads, it’s possible to do sport with this ring, rings are water-proof and there’s no need
to  take it off to wash hands or swim.
Due to the special protection of the payment ring, it’s impossible to read any information
invisibly by special reading devices. Standard plastic cards can’t guarantee it and a holder
may be calm for security of his money.
21




Data storage and transfer is one of the ring’s functions. Each MyCryptoBank ring is identity
(personal) contains all necessary information on client and may serve as a key of access
to  mobile bank or client identification in crypto АТМ MyCryptoBank.
For a connoisseur of jewelry it’s possible to manufacture MyCryptoBank payment rings from
precious metals.
Those people, who invest large sums of money in this project, will receive payment rings
as  a  present.
It’s also possible to make from payment ring a cold wallet for cryptocurrency storage.
5.2.3                                                                                              Digital Multi-card
Digital Multi-card is a full replacement of typical wallets. It allows attaching several cards:
debit, credit, discount, gift cards or even fitness club cards etc. In other words, any card can
be tied up to it with a BAR-code or EMV-chip.
Such cards are equipped with NFC technology, allowing making paypass payments. Because
these cards align with usual plastic cards, they may be used not only during paypass payments
but if necessary, with the terminals too. It’s also possible to withdraw cash through ATMs.
In order to select the payment card, digital multi-card is equipped with a small display and
several buttons. It’s enough to make Smartphone photos of new card in order to add it to the
wallet.
Such card is impossible to forget or lose.   Built-in GPS will transmit signal to mobile phone
if  distance between card and Smartphone exceeds set value.
Wallets-cards perfectly keep charge, they may be charged once in 30 days and charge itself
is compact and portable.
22




5.3                                                                                                   Cryptocurrency Exchange
Bitcoin
Etherium
Litecoin
Dashcoin
WEB SERVICES                                                                                          MyCryptoBank
Zcash
Dollar, Euro
MyCryptoBank allows immediately converting cryptocurrency to fiat money and vice versa
and  also keeping it, quickly and easy receive, send and exchange cryptocurrencies. The personal
account is necessary for the performance of all operations. This multicurrency account is available
all day from any point of the world both from PC or mobile devices. Cryptocurrency exchanges are
not necessary to be used because they are very uncomfortable: it requires any  time to  perform
purchase bids or sales calls and also have large fees to withdraw or deposit cash. MyCryptoBank
fund conversion is performed immediately and at a favorable rate due to integrated liquidity
based on different cryptocurrency exchanges and own bank reserves.
5.4                                                                                                   Fund transfer all over the world
MyCryptoBank provides the ability to send money all over the world
at the speed of e-mail sending. All cryptocurrency payments are
carried out with minimum fee, immediate, work from every point
of the world, if Internet is available and can be performed in any
classic currency or cryptocurrency. MyCryptoBank wallet gives
the possibility to send cryptocurrencies and fiat money to other
users or send it to a debit card account. Office visits and queues
are not necessary for it. Only bank account and  Internet access
are enough to make transfers.
Classic currency transfers will be performed with the help of SWIFT technology. This classic
technology is used everywhere. Open blockchain platform with autonomous smart-contracts
and  internal cryptocurrency will be used for cryptocurrency transfers. This platform is designed
for  blockchain service creation with self-executable smart-contracts and public data register.
The  platform can process more 100 000 transactions per second, executing operation at  a  speed
from 0.01 sec., at minimum commissions.
23




5.5                                                                                                 MyCryptoBank Credits and P2P loans
%
Loans
$
% $
Credits
5.5.1                                                                                               Credits
MyCryptoBank plans to organize granting of credits for bank clients on security of their
cryptocurrencies. Based on credits given the Bank will charge a one-time fee and also take
the credited party’s cryptocurrency as security for the term of the credit given. MyCryptoBank
will take in security only the most popular top-10 (BTC, ETH etc.) cryptocurrencies and also
our MCB token. The volume of credit given will not exceed 70% of the security commercial
value. To protect itself from security devaluation, MyCryptoBank will integrate a hedging
scheme, where purchase/sale positions per security volume will be opened at exchange.
In  case of  security price falling below 50% of credit grant price, our cryptobank has the right
to complete the transaction and sell this security at the common rate. All these actions will
allow MyCryptoBank creating positive liquidity and do not suffer losses from loss assets and
market fluctuations.
24




5.5.2                                                                                                       P2P Loans
Except MyCryptoBank credits our clients will have possibility to get a loan from other bank
users using P2P credit system.
Р2Р loans is a specific type of financial services giving a possibility to get loan from one
individual to another one. Money may be granted for any purposes and it’s not necessary
to  prepare big documentation package for loan agreement creation.
So, this platform combines loaners and creditors, most part of credit risks lies with  investors.
At the same time the bank controls all data on loaners monitor overdue amounts and provides
acceptable payment conditions. MyCryptoBank uses algorithms which are based on loaners
scoring and system statistics and make decisions on granting new loans and its conditions.
Also, these formulas consider loan return rate. As a result, loaners get easy possibility to form
express credit at below bank rates.
It’s possible due to Blockchain technology. Blockchain is a continuous daisy block chain
built according to specific rules and containing information. The main Blockchain advantage
is   an   impossibility  of  record  faking.  So,  all  client  transaction  history  is  recorded.  This
maximally simplifies any check procedure of payment and the credit history of a potential
loaner: a possibility appears to form an exact and actual rating based on which any creditors
can operationally make decisions on granting of a loan.
5.6                                                                                                         Cryptocurrency acquiring
A store withdraws cryptocurrency (any type) from
CRYPTO-CRYPTO
a  buyer and receives  cryptocurrency (selected) to the
account.
A store withdraws  fiat currency (currency doesn’t
FIAT-CRYPTO
matter) from a buyer and receives  cryptocurrency
(selected) to the account.
A  store  withdraws     cryptocurrency                                                                      (any)  from  a
CRYPTO-FIAT
buyer and receives a fiat money  (selected). Due to
the fact that the bank provides the payment if form
of  cryptocurrency,  but  a  seller  receives  traditional
money, the retailer can avoide administrative, legal
and accountant barriers to accepting cryptocurrency
payments
A store withdraws client’s fiat money and receives fiat
FIAT-FIAT
money
25




Broadly, acquiring is a bank service which
involves the performance of technologic,
account  and  informational  service  of
organizations on payment operations with
the help of payment cards and equipment
supplied by the bank.
In other words, for use of all acquiring
advantages  it’s  necessary  to  sign  an
agreement   with   bank-acquirer                                                                    (bank,
rendering services of acquiring, i.e. bank —
owner of payment terminal, ATM), which
will install special equipment at any outlet,
restaurant or  other organization: payment
terminals or pin pads, if  necessary will
provide reception of  cards together with
cash desks of  sales organization.
MyCryptoBank crypto-acquiring supports all three schemes of cryptofiat calculations:
1.   Crypto-Crypto — a store withdraws client’s cryptocurrency (any) and receives cryptocurrency
(selected);
2.   Fiat-Crypto  — a store withdraws client’s usual money  (currency has no meaning), but
receives cryptocurrency (selected);
3.   Crypto-Fiat  — a store withdraws client’s cryptocurrency  (any), but receives fiat money
(in  currency selected).
4.   Fiat-Fiat — a store withdraws client’s fiat money and receives fiat money.
Due to the fact that the bank provides cryptocurrency acceptance but the seller’s account
receives typical money retailers have no more barriers to accept cryptocurrency - organizational,
legal and account problems. All these results will be achieved due to an integration of a special
payment application in acquiring equipment.
26




5.7                                                                                                         Crypto ATM and Cryptomachines
MyCryptoBank Crypto ATM realize for its clients
a  possibility  to  deposit  and  withdraw  funds
through  the  own  chain  of  ATM  (installation
of    more                                                                                                  1000   crypto   ATM   is   planned)
and   through  ATM  of  external  organizations
for   maximum  comfort  of  clients.  Clients  will
pay commissions for all deposits and percents
for  cash withdrawal through ATM.
Further development will inevitably make use of cryptocurrencies as a norm even for everyman.
To  achieve  this  result,  an  easy  possibility  is  required  for  each  user  to  purchase  and  sell
cryptocurrency. New ATMs will give such an opportunity. Up to now, thousands of advanced users
used PCs for the creation of digital wallets and making purchases, but with wide application of
crypto ATM any use of digital currencies will become available for millions of people.
Through MyCryptoBank cryptomachines, differing from crypto ATMs, only cash deposit is possible
but cash withdrawal is impossible, analogous to current payment terminals of different financial
organizations. Also, crypto ATM monitors will give the possibility to immediately purchase
cryptocurrency with a client’s wallet. For this, a client should select available cryptocurrencies,
deposit the account and confirm a purchase, further, an exchange is performed at market price
and the client will receive cryptocurrency purchased to his wallet. MyCryptoBank will not have
any physical offices, and due to developed network of cryptomachines bank clients can fast and
easy deposit their balances of personal accounts bypassing bank transfers. Now, MyCryptoBank
plans the installation of cryptomachines in Europe, Canada, Asia and Australia and crypto ATM
- in Switzerland, Canada and Australia. In the process of improvement and development of
legislation in different countries, state list where will be installed these devices is expanded.
Our company has developed and designed engineering samples of own crypto ATM MyCryptoBank.
To provide security, these devices access will be performed according to dactylogram and facial
recognition.
27




5.8                                                                                             Deposit percents (Bank deposit)
Bank  deposit  is  a  sum  of  money
which individual or legal party trans-
fers to  the  Bank for  a  specified term
in order to  gain profit, deposit per-
centage defines such sum. For cli-
Deposit
%
ents of MyCryptoBank both express
+%                                                                                              % $                               deposits and demand deposits with
adjustable or fixed percentage rate
will be available.
MyCryptoBank Deposit Advantages:
1.   Absence of utilization fee;
2.   Fixed Profit;
3.   Possibility of deposit in fiat money and cryptocurrencies;
4.   Strictly specified deposit term;
5.   Insurance of the whole deposit sum;
6.   Possibility of cumulative scheme application (fund addition);
7.   Comfort in control (on-line application, bank cards etc.);
8.   Possibility of decreasing inflationary and deflationary risks.
5.9                                                                                             Forex Trade
MyCryptoBank  clients  will  get  direct  access
to  Forex, where they can perform transactions
bypassing   any   intermediaries   through   use
of  high technology methods of order processing
and its output to the market. Except tradition-
al trade tools, such as currency, index, futures,
metals, oil traders will have access to cryptocur-
rency trade. All these operations will be possi-
ble to  do  through the personal account.
To implement this service all relevant infrastructures have already been prepared, agreements
with liquidity suppliers and payment services have been signed.
With this purpose, MyCryptoBankplans plans to get some Forex broker licenses in reliable
jurisdictions.
28




5.10                                                                                                Rendering of consulting and legal services, including taxation
Along with many standard banks MyCryptoBank will render consulting and legal services. The main
difference of MyCryptoBank will be rendering of services on operations with cryptocurrency.
Major consultancy on:
Order of opening and management of settlement, current and other accounts in
cryptocurrency and fiduciary money;
Rules of administration credit, deposit, payment and cash transactions and the most
rational variants of their application in cryptocurrency and fiduciary money;
Security services;
Arrangement of bank payment documents;
6.                                                                                                  Main Services
MCB  TOKEN  is  the  central  element  of  MyCryptoBank
segment,  integrating  all  components  of  the  financial
ecosystem.  All  ecosystem  tokens  will  be  issued  in  the
course of  the ICO, with no possible additional emission
upon ICO completion.
UTILITY TOKEN
The project token is a UTILITY TOKEN, used for internal
functioning  of  the  platform,  giving  access  to  defined
services, depending on number of tokens, held by the user.
Token owners get advantages at each stage of project implementation as per the available
number of tokens. Crypto bank services are open for token owners on exclusivity conditions, and
the operating fees will be charged depending on the number of tokens owned.  For the rest of the
clients, having no tokens, the crypto bank will render services on standard conditions. Depending
on the volume of tokens owned in the project ecosystem, each investor will be assigned one of
the four statuses: Standard, Silver, Gold or Platinum. Requirements to ownership volumes will
change dynamically.
29




To obtain the statuses the below rates will be applied at the end of the ICO:
                                                                                                    STANDARD            SILVER           GOLD                            PLATINUM
Requested freeze period                                                                                                                  Not less than 160 days a year
Volume of tokens, required
300 MCB                                                                                             6000 MCB            90000 MCB        300000 MCB
for assignment of status
All services
under standard
Access to bank services                                                                             All bank services
rates except for
credit financing
Exchange and transfer
of assets
Assets withdrawal through
Standard rate                                                                                       10% discount        25% discount     50% discount
the crypto ATM
Interbank transfer fee
Secured loans                                                                                       Available           Available        Available                       Available
Available. Credit amount depends on status type
Р2Р crediting system                                                                                Available
and credit history
CashBack                                                                                            Missing             1%               1,5%                            2%
Standard
Fixed deposit                                                                                                           +1%              +1,5%                           +2%
                                                                                                    conditions
                                                                                                    Possible pur-       Digital Multi-   Digital Multi-                  50% discount
Additional
                                                                                                    chase of prod-      card as a gift   card and pay-                   for all bank
                                                                                                    ucts at standard                     ment ring                       services, digital
                                                                                                    bank rates                           as a gift                       Multi-card and
payment ring
as a gift
Token owners get advantages at each stage of project implementation as per the available
number of tokens. Crypto bank services are open for token owners on exclusivity conditions, and
the operating fees will be charged depending on the number of tokens owned.  For the rest of the
clients, having no tokens, the crypto bank will render services on standard conditions. Depending
on the volume of tokens owned in the project ecosystem, each investor will be assigned one of
the four statuses: Standard, Silver, Gold or Platinum. Requirements to ownership volumes will
change dynamically.
30




6.1                                                                                                    Basic privileges of MyCryptoBank status holders:
1.   Each new connected service will be accessible in priority order for token owners with
higher status;
2.   The higher the status, the lower the transaction fee for exchange of crypto currencies
and  trading;
3.   Issue and service of cards will be done  in extended scope;
4.   Platinum status holders will have special limited issued payment cards and payment
rings;
5.   Special credit conditions.
The driving factor for token price increase is the demand for bank services. Together with
the  increase of functionality and enlargement of the MyCryptoBank system, the number of service
users will grow as well. Due to the restricted number of tokens, increase of user counts will result
in an increase of the token price. To keep token liquidity and development of the ecosystem
at  the expense of new partnerships establishment, there is a stipulated development fund
in  the amount of 15% of the total tokens issued. This fund will be used for payments to partners
and  clients, being active users of MyCryptoBank ecosystem and its banking products. Use of the
fund tokens will promote development of MyCryptoBank crypto ATM chains worldwide, fund
tokens will be paid as cashback to the status holders, making extensive use of banking services.
MyCryptoBank project is closely integrated with blockchain technology, which is an integral part
of MyCryptoBank technology. The project will make technical use of blockchain on the below
levels:
1.   Applied  in  solutions,  directly  related  to  crypto  currency  settlements,  namely  crypto
payments transfer, crypto currencies exchange, integration with crypto wallets in the bank
mobile application, as well as in the crypto acquiring.
2.   Blockchain will be the basis for traditional banking transfers’ services. This will assure the
low cost of the project transactions together with high transparency and guarantee integral
and invariable payments, secured by the distributed ledger.
3.   Blockchain technology secures transparency and audibility of all internal banking operations.
The user is sure that no transfer and no account transaction will be lost, as every action of
the user is a transaction in the blockchain network.
4.   One of MyCryptoBank functions is the Р2Р crediting system, built on blockchain, being the
unified data register of the credit history.
31




6.2                                                                                                    Access to P2P crediting system
P2P crediting system will be accessible for users with Silver or higher status, demonstrating that
user owns a specified number of tokens, deposited in the MyCryptoBank system.
Maximum amount of loan depends on the below factors:
•   Number of tokens, frozen in the smart contract for status acquisition;
•   Token market price as of the date of credit receipt;
•   Credit history of the user.
Users with open credits cannot withdraw MCB tokens from smart contracts for status acquisition
before the end of the freeze period until all loans are redeemed.
6.3                                                                                                    Use of tokens
Subject to loan default, frozen МСВ tokens of the borrower can be used for partial or full
settlement of his debt.
6.4                                                                                                    Credit history
All  data  on  credits,  their  volumes,  accuracy  of  payments  and  settlements  in  the  unified
МyCryptoBank ecosystem will be fixed and visible in the project blockchain. Herewith users
will have anonymity, that is personal data will not be disclosed and known to the participants;
instead of  it  blockchain will store the values of the personal data hash-function. Complete credit
history of Р2Р crediting, available in blockchain, will be duly accounted for both the Р2Р credits
and execution of liabilities in MyCryptoBank ecosystem.
Available credit history and its quality restricts the possible loan value. The amount of the 1st
loan cannot exceed the amount of frozen tokens, each consequent loan can exceed the amount
of frozen tokens by 20%, that is + 40% for the 3rd loan, +60% for the 4th and so on.
32




6.5                                                                                                       Operational procedure
Upon entry to the Р2Р system the user decides on his system role - whether he intends to
deposit available funds or requires borrowing. In case the user opens request for loan, he gives
permission for presentation of his credit history to potential creditors, with no disclosure of his
name or other personal data.
In return, the creditors see the application for loan in the system, the expected period and the
amount, as well as the credit history data of the potential borrower. Based on the submitted
credit history, creditors take decision on participation in crediting or reject the request. Creditors’
preferences for the required parameters of the credit history to manage the credit risk can be
easily adjusted in the personal account.
6.6                                                                                                       Cash distribution
Upon decision on loan, the agreed amounts of assets are  transferred automatically to the account
of the borrower. Payment of interests and loan principal are done through reallocation of  assets
from the accounts of the borrower to the creditor. Reallocation of remunerations in  credit interest
is done in МСВ tokens.
6.7                                                                                                       Risk management and borrower default
Despite the system of access to the credit history, the P2P crediting system comprises the internal
risk management system, based on smart contracts. Subject the borrower does not execute his
liabilities,   the frozen tokens of access to the Р2Р system are distributed to cover the creditors
losses, the default record is registered in the blockchain, and the borrower loses access right
to  the Р2Р crediting system of MyCryptoBank.
33




7.                                                                                              Platform selection for MCB token
EOS
One of the major features of any bank is the speed of bank transactions processing, involving
high requirements to the speed of operation and the software scalability. MyCryptoBank
project is developed on blockchain technology, with due regard to the below criteria,
besides the processing speed:
Possibility to create smart contracts and decentralized applications (DAPPs)
•   MCB token is a smart contract, used in various bank applications. Each of the
applications is a decentralized one, composed of 2 basic parts — the smart
contract and the user interface (UI), simplifying the communication procedure
between the user and the contract.
Scalability
•   Client base of some banks contain millions of users, requiring possible fast  scale.
Cost of transactions
•   If clients are requested to pay the additional blockchain network fee, it will
set back the bank development and the client database growth. Thus, the
blockchain platform with the close to zero cost of transactions should be chosen
for  implementation.
Updateability of smart contracts and applications (DAPPS)
•   Bank  products  and  software  should  keep  up  with  the  times  and  develop
continuously, which requires possible on hand update of the software code
and  security patch with no hard fork.
Parallel tasking
•   Many bank applications make huge computations, thus there is need of parallel
computing to speed up the applications.
34




Time of transaction confirmation
•   Minimum time for the transaction to get sufficient number of confirmations and
to become irreversible.
Interoperability with different blockchain architectures
•   Possible interoperation with different blockchain assets — an important feature,
required  for  banking  solutions  configuration,  supporting  the  multicurrency
service.
MCB token is issued on the EOS platform, being at present the only platform, complying with
all listed criteria. EOS is based on DPOS algorithm consensus (Delegated Proof Of Stake) and
Byzantine fault tolerance modification. The present algorithm consensus assures low cost
of transactions, high application execution speed and has already proved to be reliable in
such  networks  as  Bitshares  and  Steem.  Additionally,  EOS  supports  possible  internetwork
communication (Inter Blockchain Communication), facilitating development of multicurrency
banking applications.
8.                                                                                                 Financial plan of MyCryptoBank
8.1                                                                                                Market and competitive landscape
According to the data at the end of Q1 2018, the total market capitalization of cryptoassets
achieved USD  263.9 bln. The rush of the late  2017 ended with an expected outcome of
speculative investors exiting from cryptoassets. This was conditioned by negative cryptomarket-
related news topics.
900                                                                                                                                                           5000%
                                                                                                                                      4547%
800                                                                                                                                                           4500%
                                                                                                                                              3996%
                                                                                                                                                              4000%
700
                                                                                                                                      3234%   3274%           3500%
                                                                                                                                      3134%   3170%
600
                                                                                                                                      2940%
                                                                                                                                              2715%           3000%
500                                                                                                                                                   2479%
                                                                                                                                              2402%   2340%
                                                                                                                                                              2500%
                                                                                                                                              2141%
                                                                                                                                      2064%
400                                                                                                                                                   1934%
                                                                                                                                      1786%           1757%
                                                                                                                                                              2000%
                                                                                                                                      1499%           1572%
300                                                                                                                                                   1366%
                                                                                                                                      1221%                   1500%
                                                                                                   884%                               1029%
200                                                                                                867%
730% 748%                                                                                          862%                               1035%                   1000%
100                                                                                                                                                           500%
0                                                                                                                                                             0%
35




However, the total number of cryptocurrencies and cryptoassets continues its growth having
achieved 1,548 currencies by the end of Q1 2018. This is a clear evidence of growing number of
market players. The fact is confirmed by dynamics data for ICOs held in 2018 which only in Q1
exceeded the outcomes of the entire year 2017, and important market players such as Telegram
and Kodak announced their own cryptocurrencies.news topics.
700                                                                                                1800
                                                                                                   1600
600
                                                                                                   1400
500
                                                                                                   1200
400                                                                                                1000
                                                                                                   800
300
                                                                                                   600
200
                                                                                                   400
100
                                                                                                   200
0                                                                                                  0
Longterm forecasts of cryptocurrency market capitalization characterized with an uptrend is also
favorable for market expansion.
900
800
700
600
500
400
300
200
100
0
36




MyCryptoBank team has faced a highly volatile market that is now recovering from its explosive
growth and subsequent fall, and in 2018 it’s going to achieve its mean capitalization values at
the level of USD 500 bln. However, the major part of market players has no idea what they can
do with their cryptoassets except using them as a speculation tool. MyCryptoBank intends to
eventually take over the market segment and develop cryptocurrencies as payment and saving
tool by gradually scaling its business.
We can say that despite any attempts of implementing similar ideas, we are still remaining
in a low-competition landscape. While we have thousands of traditional banks, there’s not a
single cryptobank existing at the moment.  However, we are analyzing competitive projects, and
adjusting our strategies in order to avoid known errors and omissions, which will enable us to
take over market leadership.
8.2                                                                                                    Financial planning
Based on the consensus forecasts for development of the macroeconomic conditions, financial
market and cryptocurrency market, MyCryptoBank elaborated a 5-year financial plan. The data
introduced therein are the forecasted mean values calculated based on three key scenarios
(negative, neutral and positive).
Revenue sources of MyCryptoBank are grouped based on type of revenue generation:
                                                                                                       Revenue, $               2018          2019        2020          2021         2022
1                                                                                                      Fee revenue                     0      2,630,000   21,040,000    54,930,000   130,170,000
2                                                                                                      Consultancy services            0      426,000     1,730,000     4,200,000    10,125,000
3                                                                                                      Brokerage services              0      840,000     5,280,000     12,248,000   36,450,000
4                                                                                                      ROI                             0      0           3,720,000     14,240,000   27,375,000
5                                                                                                      Bank card transactions          0      154,000     1,382,000     1,598,000    2,845,000
6                                                                                                      Acquiring services              0      21,000      216,000       1,740,000    3,650,000
                                                                                                       Total revenue, $                0      4,071,000   33,368,000    88,956,000   210,615,000
First of all, we talk about fee revenue that will shape the greater part of the total bank’s revenue
amount. However, the share of fees in the total revenue is going to gradually decrease which is
conditioned by lowering the fee load on the customer due to expansion of the customer base.
250 000 000
Acquiring services
200 000 000
Bank card transactions
150 000 000
ROI
100 000 000
Brokerage services
50 000 000
Consultancy services
0                                                                                                                                                         Fee revenue
2018                                                                                                   2019                     2020   2021   2022
37




Attracting more customers to MyCryptoBank, we’re going to ensure higher availability and lower
cost of products and services.
Change in fee revenue/total revenue proportion:
Period                                                                                           2019                             2020         2021         2022
Share                                                                                            64.60%                           63.05%       61.75%       61.80%
MyCryptoBank’s revenue structure with average values through 5 years will look as
follows:
2% 2%                                                                                            Commission income
13%
Consulting service
16%
Broker services
62%
Interest income
5%
Card transactions
Acquiring
Expenditure side covers core spendings for processing banking transactions and maintenance of
functional activity. Expenditures are grouped as follows based in their nature:
                                                                                                 Expenditures, $                  2018         2019         2020         2021          2022
1                                                                                                Business spendings (marketing)   436 800      1 690 400    5 360 000    16 260 000    29 880 000
                                                                                                 Obtaining licenses and permis-
2                                                                                                                                 834 000      7 350 000    3 550 000    1 020 000     670 000
                                                                                                 sions
3                                                                                                Operating expenditures           790 000      1 908 000    3 930 000    13 464 000    32 322 000
4                                                                                                Fee expenses                     0            502 000      2 246 000    9 484 000     21 487 000
5                                                                                                Interest expenses                0            0            426 000      1 566 000     8 134 000
6                                                                                                Taxes                            0            0            1 040 000    6 980 000     14 775 000
7                                                                                                Audit                            0            0            162 000      390 000       640 000
Development and integration of
8                                                                                                6 120 000                        11 200 000   7 020 000    8 560 000    10 030 000
Blockchain platform
Total expenditures, $                                                                            8 180 800                        22 650 400   23 734 000   57 724 000   117 938 000
38




All the funds that were raised from investors through ICO but not included into the current
expenditure side, will be allocated to reserves, which will ensure the required level of liquidity
for MyCryptoBank at the first development stages.
Рать
Development and integration
140 000 000
of Blockchain platform
Audit
120 000 000
Taxes
100 000 000
80 000 000                                                                                                                                 Interest expenses
60 000 000                                                                                                                                 Fee expenses
40 000 000                                                                                                                                 Operating expenditures
20 000 000                                                                                                                                 Obtaining licenses and
                                                                                                                                           permissions
0                                                                                                                                          Business spendings
                                                                                                     2018      2019   2020   2021   2022
(marketing)
The most important area of expenditure is development and integration of Blockchain platform,
marketing and operating costs. Due to increasing the brand promotion budget, we are going to
attract more market players as MyCryptoBank’s customers as well as to develop an extensive
agent network, which will ensure significant increase in our presence across the globe.  Increase
of operating costs is explained not only by expansion of the customer base, but also by the fact
that in the course of scaling of our business we are ready to partially bear our customers’ costs
thus improving affordability of our products and services. This will be supported by material
expansion of the customer base and relatively low competition in the cryptobanking segment.
Our plan includes registering our millionth customer by 2021.
Customer base dinamic
1 800 000
1 586 000
1 600 000
1 400 000
1 070 000
1 200 000
1 000 000
800 000
600 000                                                                                              379 000
400 000
158 000
200 000                                                                                              75 000
0
2018                                                                                                 2019      2020   2021   2022
39




Full-scale launch of MyCryptoBank is scheduled in late 2019. That’s the time when our customers
will get full access to all our products and services.   By 2020 we’re going to hit the breakeven
point for the project, and achieve the positive financial outcome by the end of the year.
                                                                                                    2018                   2019           2020         2021          2022
Profit, $
                                                                                                    -8,180,800             -18,579,400    9,634,000    31,232,000    92,677,000
100 000 000
                                                                                                                                                                     92 677 000$
80 000 000
60 000 000
40 000 000
                                                                                                                                                       31 232 000$
20 000 000
                                                                                                                                          9 634 000$
                                                                                                    -8 180 800$            -18 579 400$
0
2018                                                                                                2019                   2020           2021         2022
-20 000 000
-40 000 000
8.3                                                                                                 Profit distribution
MyCryptoBank’s net profit will be distributed across dedicated funds that enables the major
part of the profit to remain within the business ecosystem thus functioning as a funding source
for further project development. Considering that we refuse from paying out any dividends for
at least the first five years of project implementation, we can therefore keep our profit within
MyCryptoBank thus fueling our financial system with extra money. This will allow us to stay
ahead of competition and maximize ROI.
Profit distribution by fund, $:
                                                                                                    Expenditures, $        2018           2019         2020          2021          2022
1                                                                                                   Saving fund 40%        436 800        1 690 400    5 360 000     16 260 000    29 880 000
2                                                                                                   Consumption fund 15%   834 000        7 350 000    3 550 000     1 020 000     670 000
3                                                                                                   Contingency fund 25%   790 000        1 908 000    3 930 000     13 464 000    32 322 000
4                                                                                                   Other funds 20%        0              502 000      2 246 000     9 484 000     21 487 000
40 000 000
35 000 000
Saving fund 40%
30 000 000
25 000 000                                                                                          Consumption fund 15%
20 000 000
Contingency fund 25%
15 000 000
10 000 000
Other funds 20%
5 000 000
0
2018                                                                                                2019                   2020           2021         2022
40




Share of profit that will be allocated to the saving fund during the scheduled project development
stage equals to 40%. This money will be spent for improvement of current products family,
adding new products and services, technological solutions, reinforcement of security systems,
investments in fixed assets and investment projects.
The money from the consumption fund will be spent for job compensation and incentives as well
as for professional advancement of project team.
25% of net profit will be allocated to the contingency fund in order to support MyCryptoBank’s
liquidity. In 2023-2027, allocations to this fund will be gradually reduced to 15% of the net
profit along with growing the amount of reserves.
Money intended for marketing research, market analysis, development & testing of the new
business lines and charity will be allocated to other funds.
8.4                                                                                                   Investment prospects
The financial model that we’ve developed will ensure cost-efficiency of our project as early as
by 2020. Once launched, MyCryptoBank ecosystem is easily scalable and supports servicing
of millions of customers across the globe. During the preliminary stage our team has already
scheduled a number of steps required to run a successful cryptobank, and our success is on the
way.
MCB token is a Utility token, and that’s why it provides no profit distribution between its owners.
However, this is the key benefit of the tokens from the point of view of the investors. Money
gained from profit and saved within the MyCryptoBank ecosystem will fuel further development
of our business. MCB tokens emission is limited, however demand for the tokens will continue
to grow along with increasing number of MyCryptoBank customers. Growing demand along with
limited supply will as a natural result increase the price of MCB token, which in its turn will add
up to ROI.
41




9.   Roadmap
Implementation of MyCryptoBank (MCB) project comprises the below stages:
Stage                                                                      Year/month/quarter   Description
0                                                                          2006                 ViPlat company foundation
0.1                                                                        2014                 Purchase of Forex trade terminal
0.2                                                                        2015                 5000 payment terminals installed.
                                                                                                Contract with liquidity provider signed for direct access to interbank
                                                                                                market
0.3                                                                        2016                 •    Commissioning of own payment system;
                                                                                                •    Development of software  — informational complex for payment
                                                                                                processing, with capacity of 20 thousand payment processing per
                                                                                                minute
1                                                                          July 2017            MCB project concept developed
2                                                                          November 2017        1BIT OU Company registered
2.1                                                                        April 2018           Start of trader personal account development.
Documents submitted for license for turnover and storage of
cryptocurrencies and cyber values.
3                                                                          May 2018             •    License for turnover and storage of cryptocurrencies and cyber
values granted:
•    Provider of services for cyber values exchange to monetary
(fiduciary) assets;
•    Provider of services for cyber values wallet.
•    Completed  development  and  launch  of  own  crypto-exchange
mycryptobank.1bit.online
3.1                                                                        July 2018            Arrangement of Pre-ICO
4                                                                          August 2018          •    MVP MyCryptoBank Wallet (mobile crypto bank)
•    Implementation of crypto-exchange MyCryptoBank service
5                                                                          September 2018       Arrangement of ICO
42




Stage                                                                       Year/month/quarter   Description
6                                                                           November 2018        Start of MCB trading in exchanges
7                                                                           December 2018        •    Obtain payment license;
•    EMI license obtained (license for e-money emission);
•    Merchant billing system implemented
8                                                                           2019                 Q1                                  •    Developed technology of users identification by  biometrics data;
•    MCB payment rings production;
•    Start of MCB bank cards issue with the partner-banks;
•    Implementation  of  crypto-terminals  with  functions  of  fiduciary
money intake and exchange of crypto currencies;
•    Implementation of payment multi cards with optional use as cold
crypto currency wallet.
9                                                                           2019                 Q2                                  •    Company partnership in SWIFT;
•    Implementation of   EPC Rulebook for financial operations in Euro
zone;
•    Implementation of technology for users identification by  biometrics
data;
•    Broker license obtained.
Launch of currency, indexes and futures trading in Forex market.
10                                                                          2019                 Q3                                  •    International banking license of B type obtained in Cayman islands;
•    Implementation of MCB crypto- ATM for withdrawal and depositing
of fiduciary assets;
•    Launch of crypto-currency acquiring service.
11                                                                          2019                 Q4                                  •    Launch of Р2Р-loan system in MCB mobile bank;
•    Receipt of additional license for banking operations with crypto
currencies;
•    Implementation of MCB users crediting in crypto currencies;
•    Expansion of crypto АТМ network;
•    Implementation  of  consultancy  and  legal  service  rendering,
including taxation;
•    Start of bank deposits service rendering.
43




10.  Order and rules for ICO conducting
THE PLANNED DATE OF THE ICO IS Q3 2018. A ROUND OF PRE-ICO WILL BE  HELD ON
JULY 16 — AUGUST 16.
Amount of finance, involved in ICO, depends on the costs of financial institutions licenses
acquisition,  support  of  bank  management  and  retention  of  efficient  capital  volume.
Depending on the assets raised, the project services will enlarge as per the roadmap Soft
Cap and make 3 million dollars, the project Hard Cap will make 100 million dollars, raised
during the below stages:
Closed pre-Sale for
15 June -
private investors                                                                                 Individually
15 July
and partners
                                                                                                                                                             1st        week $0.2
                                                                                                  16 July -
                                                                                                                                                             2nd        week $0.22
Pre-ICO
                                                                                                  9 September
                                                                                                                                                             3rd        week $0.24
                                                                                                                                                             4th -7th   week $0.26
                                                                                                                                         $20 mln                                     MCB 517 mln
                                                                                                                                                             1st        week $0.28
                                                                                                                    10 September 2018-                       2nd        week $0.33
ICO
                                                                                                  31 January 2019                                            3rd        week $0.38
Round 1
                                                                                                                                                             4th        week $0.43
                                                                                                                                                             5th        week $0.48
ICO                                                                                               2 month
Round 1                                                                                           after obtaining   $80 mln              Start price $0.80
a banking license
During the ICO MyCryptoBank the MCB tokens will be issued. The basic token price will make 0.2
USD dollars.   All the ecosystem tokens will be issued within ICO in maximum quantity of  795.5
million MCB.
Upon completion of ICO, MyCryptoBank (MCB) tokens will be used within the internal ecosystem.
МСВ token stability together with progressive project development makes it attractive not only
for acquisition of the status investor privileges, but as an investment tool as well.
Investments will be done through the allocated platform, assuring transparency of the whole
investment process: the real-time follow up of invested assets and tokens sold.
44




Distribution of tokens
65%                             Distributed among the ICO participants
10%                             Kept for the project team
3%                              Allocated for development of the Bounty campaign
7%                              Distributed among partners and experts
15%                             Reserve fund
Distribution of the ICO funds
30%                             Development and Integration of Blockchain Platform
20%                             Marketing and Partner Network Development
20%                             Obtaining banking licenses and maintaining
                                the bank liquidity
10%                             Development of crypto ATM network with fingerprint
                                identification and face recognition function
10%                             Development of innovative products
10%                             Infrastructure development
45




11.  Future of MyCryptoBank and project
perspectives
Well-established
Wide range of services
technological base
Well-established user                                                                                 +          Well-established work
database of MyCryptoBank’s                                                                                       functional with crypto
group of companies                                                                                               currencies
                                                                                                      BENEFITS
                                                                                                                 Speed and the simplicity
Unique business model
                                                                                                                 of transaction banking
MyCryptoBank project perspectives are based on a combination of competitive project advantages
and the objective current economic situation of the global financial market.  Interpenetration of
the FinTech market and traditional banking brings to life the market for qualified blockchain-
projects, including the unique opportunity for MyCryptoBank.
One  of  the  most  powerful  and  evident  advantages  of  the  project  is  the  well-established
technological  base,  making  possible  the  most  efficient  project  development,  avoiding  the
invariable non-optimal solutions. By-stage project development based on the internal Knowledge
base assures thorough thinking through of each consequent step and cautious allocation of
investment assets, raised during the ICO. Herewith, the process cycle optimization shortens the
time of  stage completion as per the RoadMap.
The  2nd  prominent  advantage  of  the  project  is  the  well-established  user  database  of
MyCryptoBank’s group of companies. These people are potential users of MyCryptoBank financial
services. Involvement of project supporters and a quick increase of user numbers is efficient to
reach the total financial stability and the break - even point, and is required to develop the p2p-
financing. In its turn, increase of number of users will naturally maintain demand for token and
contribute to price increase.
The 3rd project competitive advantage is MyCryptoBank’s business model. The major feature
of  the business model is separation of licensing and service of business units of the financial
agent for operations with crypto currencies and the bank. Separation of legal entities within
the project secures the required stability. Subject to change of financial regulation in one of the
countries, there is possibility to rebuild business processes for continuous and stable service
operation for  clients.
46




Apart from the above, rendering of a wide range of services, being the standard for modern banks
and the well-established work functional with crypto currencies will attract a great number
of  users from different segments. The speed and the simplicity of transaction banking based
on modern technologies optimize the interbanking management and give efficient cost cutting.
These factors in aggregate create a strong and sustainable project, making it possible to get the
prominent market share.
Project ecosystem will be part of the up-to-date crypto world ecosystem, eliminating one of the
major challenges, namely the relations of traditional financial institutions and crypto transactions.
Services of the bank, loyal to crypto currencies, crypto settlements and ICO-projects, will
be  in  demand among the wide range of clients. For private clients such a bank makes the
process of investment and settlements in crypto currencies more accessible, saves time using
the only provider of common financial services. Issue of payment cards, possible overlapping of
settlements in fiduciary assets and crypto currencies is a convenience, often unavailable for the
majority of crypto supporters. Thanks to  a  simple and transparent scheme of assets integration
from different sources, such clients can redirect the major part of personal assets to crypto
assets, finally contributing to development of crypto ecosystem. For professional players of
the crypto market the intermediary bank is the required chain of business, generating stable
demand, satisfying MyCryptoBank.
Professional players request not the service provider, but the full participant of the financial
system. The proper crypto projects are interested in their operational transparency both from
the part of the crypto society, and all of the regulatory state and over state entities.   In such a
situation MyCryptoBank is the optimal solution, understandable for participants of the classical
financial  market,  herewith  fully  implementing  the  Know-Your-Customer  principle  due  to
profound knowledge of business and accumulation of data on transactions using the blockchain.
In the course of further development of the project MyCryptoBank’s eco system can execute
additional functions of traditional financial institutions, being the guarantor, the managing agent,
implementing the custody and other functions.
47




12.  Team and Advisors
Yuriy Bolshukhin
Co-Founder. Chief Operating Officer
A successful entrepreneur with more than 15 years of experience. An experienced
business process manager. Average economic and higher technical education.
A  successful leader, quickly responds to changes in the situation, independently
makes  effective  decisions  in  a  time  of  shortage  of  time,  consistently  and
purposefully  achieves  the  goal,  separating  the  main  from  the  secondary.
Worked in state structures. Successful experience of creating a new business.
Communicative, responsible and purposeful.
LinkedIn
Vladimir Bronnikov
Chief officer of the planning department
Vladimir has over 20 years of banking experience.
Since 1997, he has been working in the St. Petersburg branch of Bank Yugra, as
deputy director, responding, inter alia, for automation and for the introduction
of new technological solutions in the branch. In 2007 he was appointed director
of the branch, which consisted of 16 branches in St. Petersburg and the North-
West region.
He has extensive experience in developing economic planning systems and
monitoring  the  effectiveness  of  banking  activities.  Vladimir  developed  an
interpolation model for planning and evaluating the performance of the branch,
which served as the basis for the development of such a system for the entire
Bank. He was directly involved in the development of the Operating System for
the MIR space station.
LinkedIn
Mohanraj Tamilarasu
Director of cards and payments department
Highly passionate professional in Cards and Payment Industry with a proven
track record of 10+ Year experience in Product Strategy, Payment Application
Development/Implementation  and  Business  Analysis.  Clearly  focused  on
unlocking  innovation  through  new  financial  technologies,  processes,  and
business models. Has been an instrumental in developing, managing, analysis,
compliance and implementing acquiring and issuing solutions for close to 50+
Banks/Processors in India, Africa and GCC regi CPISI  — Certified Payment
Industry Security Implementer ( PCI DSS Version 3.2 ) ons.
LinkedIn
48




Nikolay Panchenko
Co-Founder. Chief Financial Officer
An experienced organizer of business projects at an early stage. Successful
Forex and the Crypto trader with the experience of more than 10 years. Investor
Fintech projects at an early stage. He is engaged in financial-strategic planning
and control over the execution of assigned tasks. Has great skills in working
with  payment  systems  and  merchant  accounts.  Has  a  higher  education  in
management. Has good skills in negotiations with government agencies.
LinkedIn
Kyle Headley
Customer Service Strategy Director
Kyle has spent over a decade in the technology industry transforming the way
businesses deliver services to their customers. After a successful career at
British Telecom working with some of the worlds leading organisations Kyle
founded a new consultancy specialising in customer service improvement. Since
then he has successfully worked with clients across the Private, Public, Charity
and  Education  sectors.  Skilled  in  customer  service  leadership,  continuous
improvement, technology transformation, and IT service management. Kyle has
strong experience working within global technology environments and leading
business enhancing customer service evolution. Blockchain enthusiast, ICO
Advisor and Spokes person.
LinkedIn
Anton Sivoded
Co-Founder. Chief Visionary Officer
Successful entrepreneur, Forex trader   with more than 10 years experience.
Has a higher economic education. Strong business development professional
focused in Business, Management, Marketing.
LinkedIn
John Luksic
Investor relations expert
An experienced investor, a specialist in marketing with experience more than
10 years.
LinkedIn
49




Bogdan Venglyuk
Director of Operations Department
Banking professional with over  10 years industry experience. Have    higher
economic education in finance and credit. Worked in large regional banks to
develop the client base of corporate and retail customers. Have a wide experience
in  the  development of new banking products, risk management and business
process optimization. Specialist in financial monitoring and compliance.
LinkedIn
Erickvand Tampilang
Bounty expert
Erickvand is a Bounty manager, he is very experienced in processing bounty
campaign. He has also been a Bounty manager on several startup projects.
LinkedIn
Vladimir Kliuev
Chief Information Officer
IT expert with over 10 years industry experience. Have higher technical education
in Applied Mathematics and Informatics. Master in Finance and Banking. Master
in Economics and Management. Founder of IT company. Specialist in  Applied
Mathematics and Informatics.
Procter & Gamble Gilllete | Project manager | 06.2013 — 06.2015
ArticMedia web-studio | CEO | from 02.2012 till current time
Education: Universidad de Alcalá (Madrid, Spain) — Master in Finance
and Banking.
LinkedIn
Davorin Bebek
Social Media expert
An experienced campaign builder. Graduated with a Master’s Degree in Law
from the University of Osijek, Croatia. Actively involved as social media manager
and consultant for a number of companies in different industries.
LinkedIn
50




Jun Real
Chief Operating Officer for the Philippines
Jun is a marketing innovator in the USA for the past 17 years. He is instrumental
in growing the membership of several organizations and significantly increase
customer  traffic  and  retention  to  various  retailers  around  New  York  area.
He  played a key role in promoting various crypto currencies in the past years
and has extensive influence in the Filipino community with successful result.
Jun also developed a revolutionary marketing platform called Pay Half Club
which he intended to use to supplement the marketing strategy of My Crypto
Bank and generate huge number of MCB Token users. His plan is to launch
the  platform in  various networks of community organizations,  33 branches
of  Cristo Rey school networks and tap multiple participating stores by introducing
the services of MCB to local chamber of commerce all over the mainland USA.
Jun is confident that by incorporating Pay Half Club as a service or product of  My
Crypto Bank, the move is going to bring the value of MCB Token ahead of  it’s
competitor in the global market and effectively deliver a significant change
to  re-invent the modern banking system to the next level.
LinkedIn
Anton Tokishin
Chief Information Security Officer
Professional  in  information  technology  and  cyber  security  with  more  than
5 years of experience. Provides cyber security for the nuclear power plant.
Have higher technical education in IT. Experience in a large company providing
technical support for users, support of infrastructure systems and provision of
information security services. Specialist in the field of automated information
processing and management systems.
LinkedIn
Alexander Dyupin
Director of communications with key clients
Innovative Event Planner with over 5 years industry experience, outstanding
communications  interpersonal  and  organisational  skills!  Adept  at  quickly
accessed needs developing plans and implementing effective solutions that meet
company needs in marketing and event coordination! Dedicated to exceptional
service  and  high  perfomance  in  every  talk!  Specialization:  negotiating  and
attracting investment. More than 15 successful events. IDACB — International
decentralized association of cryptocurrency and blockchain.
LinkedIn
51




Dmitry Chernyak
IT consultant
IT consultant with more than 15 years experience of banking IT.
Designing and implementation of high reliability servers and IT infrastructure.
Software  development,  including  accounting  systems,  sites  and  mobile
applications.
LinkedIn
Alexey Malikov
Sales Manager
Experience in advertising and design for more than 15 years. Well versed in the
behavior of people. Experience in sales 10+ years. He has extensive knowledge
in the field of information technology. An innovator, a big proponent of progress.
LinkedIn
Alexey Sidorowich
Chief Product Officer
Alexey is Head of Sales and Marketing at B2B Software provider Merkeleon. With
over 6 years experience in sales and financial apps development & launching
(eAuctions, eTendering, Crypto Exchanges), he provides the unique market
expertise and innovative technical background for MyCryptoBank.
LinkedIn
Naviin Kapoor
Blockchain ICO expert
Blockchain & ICO expert, and a business transformation leader with more
than eleven and half years of experience in project management and business
analysis and more than one year of experience in Ethereum, Bitcoin, Hyper
ledger, EOS, consensus protocol and distributed/shared ledger technology. He
has also attained various industry certifications such as PMP, CBAP, ITIL &  CSM.
He had worked on various banking transformation projects - “sustainable and
disruption”, which were initiated in various domains such as Retail Banking, Cash
Management, Integrated Liquidity Management (ILM), Corporate Banking, Asset
& Wealth Management, Financial Messaging, Regulatory Sanctions Filtering and
Local and International Payment Systems.
LinkedIn
52




Benito Elisa
Chief professional consultant
Benito has 12 years experience in the Banking sector of Mauritius as Private
Banker  for  the  High  Net  Worth  segment.  He  has  greatly  contributed  to
the  growth of the Banks’ portfolio of Affluent clients and has been providing
investment advices for many years. Benito also spent two years as Advisor in
financial services for the Ministry of Financial Services and Good Governance
of Mauritius. During the period March 2015 to February 2017 , Benito has been
acting as Independent Director on the Board of a major Insurance company for
both Life and General sector. He was also entrusted by the Board of Director to
act as  Trustee for  a  Private Pool of pension funds managing billions of assets.
Benito graduated from the University of Technology, Mauritius in the Banking
and  International Finance field in 2010 and completed his Master of Business
Administration with specialisation in Financial services from the University
of  Mauritius. Being a Chartered Member of the Lions Club of a local branch [Lions
Club International], Benito has been fully engaged in Social works activities
during the last 5 years and still strongly believes in voluntary works to help
the  needy.
LinkedIn
Vladimir Nita
Chief Compliance Officer
Vladimir has experience in the field of consulting and legal services for 9+ years.
He has deep knowledge of legislation in the field of business organization,
licensing,  tax  planning,  accounting,  opening  bank  accounts  and  document
circulation in the territory of the European Union. For 8 years he has been the
head of Ruber Zeppelin OÜ.
LinkedIn
53




Advisors
Phillip Nunn
Entrepreneur, CEO and international speaker on Blockchain, Cryptocurrency
and fintech
Phillip Nunn founded The Blackmore Group in  2013. Today it’s grown into
a  business with substantial assets under management and a suite of investment
products across multiple classes for individuals and institutions in the UK
and  overseas.
With more than 15 years’ experience in financial services, Phillip specialises
in  wealth management, angel investment, commercial property investment
and financial technology. He founded The Blackmore Group on the core belief
of giving clients real and tangible alternatives to poor investment performance
and  providing “future proof” investment strategies.
Phillip has become a well-known, online influencer in the blockchain and crypto
space and has travelled the world evangelising and talking on these subjects.
Phillip has sat on the advisory boards of many ICO’s over the past 12 months
and has helped structure and fund some of the biggest companies of the future.
Along with his business Wealth Chain, Phillip will be launching his own crypto
fund that looks to invest in ICO’s along with existing blockchain technology
companies.
LinkedIn
Campbell Law
Advisor. Former Vice President Goldman Sachs in the Cayman Islands with
11 years of experience.
Managing Director of Beacon Management (Cayman) Ltd.
Campbell has over  25 years’ experience in the financial services industry,
including  banking  and  trusts,  the  funds  industry,  and  company  formation
and  management. He has considerable experience working with both offshore
and local businesses and has specific expertise with company set up and
licensing,  fund  administration,  corporate  governance  and  regulatory  risk
management. He  is  a  fomer VP at Goldman Sachs and is currently working on
helping establish the Cayman Islands as the jurisdiction in the area of FinTech.
LinkedIn
54




Nikolay Shkilev
Crypto enthusiast and mentor. Rated Top 5 in People of Blockchain
Nikolay has 20 years of experience in large-scale transaction projects. He has
many awards and titles in the IT business. Self-Made Russia award. Tech guru.
Super TOP award etc. Founder and CEO of Private Business Club. His Holding
received “Enterprise of the Year” award in the Kremlin. Has a business in various
directions. Crypto enthusiast and mentor. Co-Founder “Top ICO advisors”.
LinkedIn
Vladimir Nikitin
ICO Advisor
Vladimir  Nikitin  is  professional  and  legal  consultant  with  over  ten  years’
experience in the legal, finance, retail, and IT industries. Renown cryptocurrency
expert  and  ICO  advisor  (Top-5  worldwide  ICObench  Expert).  As  an  active
supporter and advocate of blockchain technology, provide consultancy and
advice to  selected ICOs in the CIS region. Network in the crypto community
counts over 30 000 members. In portfolio: 10 ico projects with more 200 million
dollars.
LinkedIn
(Dr) Savio Gomez
Strategic Advisor
Our strategic advisor from Japan, who has close to three decades of experience
in the Transportation & Technology field, including the years he sailed as a ship
Captain. He is a Certified Blockchain &   A.I. Professional, an Auditor (OCIMF,
CDI-IMPCAS, QHSSE, ISO, ISM & ISPS) and a Marine Inspector (OCIMF, CDI).
LinkedIn
Mickael Damour
ICO Advisor
After a career spanning 15 years in the healthcare sector, Mickael began his
career in 2008 in the digital and growth marketing sectors. Promoter of the
blockchain and distributed ledger technology since 2014, he started in 2016 in
cryptofinance, built and launched innovative products with a fintech blockchain
(Smartcard solution, cryptocurrency hardware wallet , cryptostation).
LinkedIn
55




Scott Douglas (Clary)
Business Development Advisor
A seasoned business strategist with a passion for bleeding edge technologies.
Scott  worked  in  the  enterprise  space,  consulting  on  complex  networking,
telecommunication and SaaS projects.
With  a  proficiency  in  project  management,  sales,  leadership,  scaling  and
improving operational efficiencies in F500 companies, he is an industry leader
in knowledge pertaining to fintech, blockchain, and cryptocurrency. He is the
founder  of  the  Crypto  Improvement  Fund,  Blockchain.Edu  and  Blockchain.
Launchpad.
LinkedIn
Nicholas Foo
Advisor
Nicholas is a well-travelled multlingual entrepreneur in the cryptocurrency
industry. Nicholas is also a broker of large Bitcoin transactons. He is well-
connected  to  leaders  and  investors  in  the  blockchain  and  cryptocurrency
industries.
LinkedIn
Victor Chow
ICO Advisor
Victor Chow is a well-known Business Mentor and IDACB’s accredited ICO
Advisor to several successful global ICO projects. He is a Founder and CEO of an
ICO advisory and investment firm ICO World Exchange, a business unit of LVL 88
Ventures. Victor Chow was the former Global Chief Operating Officer of major
Chinese telecommunication and cloud technology firm Huawei Technologies.
With over 28 years of experience in business management in the Asia Pacific,
European  and  North  American  regions,  including  business  development,
sales, marketing and global operations management, as well as a particularly
deep understanding of FinTech, Blockchains & Cloud Computing, he brings his
strategic business advice, investment assessment and fundraising capabilities
to the MyCryptoBank project.
LinkedIn
56




Repudiation
This  paper  is  not  a  handout  for  securities  emission  or  other  document,  being  calling  for
investments within the meaning of the applicable law on securities. MCB token does not vest its
owners with right of ownership for part of any public or private market participant. The primary
purpose of the МСВ token is its use within the ecosystem of MyCryptoBank platform.
The only target of the present paper is presentation of MyCryptoBank’s project to potential
token purchasers and the public for general review, so that the readers could take reasonable
and weighted decisions on MCB tokens purchase. This document details the management
of  MyCryptoBank project, its value for society, its functionality and the current objective interest
in  investments into MCB tokens purchase within the ICO.
Tokens, acquired under the ICO (initial cryptocurrency offering), conducted by MyCryptoBank
cannot be returned. Token acquisition is related with high level of financial risks.
Claims and other declarative information, contained in the present document, cannot be regarded
as strict assurances or promises, except for the cases when it is directly pointed out. Such data
is not a forward-looking statement. Forward-looking statements can contain the words like
“may be”, “will be”, “could be”, “must”, “probably”, “expected”, “considered”, “as forecasted”,
“planned” and alike expressions of similar meaning. Such forward-looking statements are based
on offers and forecasts of MyCryptoBank ICO initiators, existing at arrangement of the present
document.   Notwithstanding that the organizers find the forward-looking statements grounded
and reasonable, MyCryptoBank is not in position to assure the token purchasers of such forward-
looking statements correctness and cannot guarantee their outcome.
Risk factors
Risk of loss of access to MCB tokens due to loss of private keys
The private key or the combination of private keys is required for control over the MCB tokens,
stored in your digital wallet or the storage. Respectively, loss of requisites of the private keys,
connected to your digital wallet or storage of MCB tokens, automatically results in loss of access
to MCB tokens. Additionally, if any 3rd party gets access to such private keys, including access
to login data of your wallet or storage, and can misappropriate your MCB tokens. Any technical
faults with your wallet, you decided to store your MCB tokens in, including your own faults with
technical maintenance of your wallet, can result in loss of MCB tokens as well.
57




Risk, related to EOS protocol
As the MCB tokens and the whole MyCryptoBank ecosystem are based on the EOS protocol, any
malfunction or technical fault, happening to the EOS protocol, has a bad effect on  MyCryptoBank
ecosystem  and  the  MCB  tokens  circulating  inside  this  system.  Indeed,  development  of
cryptography and other technical progress in the blockchain sphere can be of potential threat
for MCB tokens and MyCryptoBank ecosystem, including that for the value and the functionality
of the tokens.
Risk of mining attacks
MCB tokens are exposed to miners’ attacks in the process of token transaction validation in the
EOS blockchain, including the double-spend attacks, ММР attacks and selfish-mining attacks.
Any successful attack of such type puts under risk the whole MyCryptoBank ecosystem, including
accurate computation and log recording for MCB tokens transactions.
Risk of crack and security protocol vulnerability
Hackers and other organized groups with malicious attempts can try to crack MyCryptoBank
ecosystem  and  misappropriate  the  MCB  tokens  in  different  ways,  including  virus  attacks,
smurfing and spoofing.
Risk, related to unpredicted acts of regulators and law enforcement
authorities
Legal status of MCB tokens and blockchain technologies is not clearly stipulated in some
jurisdictions. It is impossible to forecast the actions to be undertaken by the law enforcement
authorities in respect of the MyCryptoBank ecosystem operation and the MCB tokens circulation.
It is also not possible to foresee possible changes in legislation done by the legislative bodies
of  different jurisdictions, related to the blockchain sphere regulation. Such changes are of
potential risk for the MCB tokens holders.
Risk, related to taxation
Tax features of the MCB tokens are not clearly defined. Your purchase of the MCB token can
result in unfavorable tax implications, including payment of profit tax, income tax or other type
of  tax.
58




Risk, related to development and technical maintenance of MCB
ecosystem
The MCB ecosystem is at the stage of development and can undergo significant changes and
amendments of technical operation until its end-to-end-solution. It is important that efficiency
of the MyCryptoBank ecosystem development depend largely on the number of the MCB tokens,
sold during the crowd sale. Subject to crowd sale collapses, it can possibly result in a lack of the
resource base for complete ecosystem development.
Risk of company or ecosystem dissolution
We can’t preclude the possibility, that due to some reasons, including the unfavorable change
of exchange rate for such currencies as  ETH, BTC or other crypto currencies, fall of functional utility
of the MCB tokens and fall to establish commercial relations or legal problems with intellectual
property,  MyCryptoBank ecosystem may not always be capable of impaired functioning,  or the
company itself can cease to exist.
Other contingency risks
Cryptographic MCB tokens are new, not having been tested through technology. Additional
to  risks, related to factors, listed above, there are some risks, related to purchase, ownership
and use of MCB tokens. Such risks can present different variations or combinations of risks,
stipulated above.
MyCryptoBank may change, amend, delete or add to this White Paper or any of the terms
and  conditions contained in any policies or rules governing the Website and/or the Services
at any time and in its sole discretion without notice. Any such changes will be effective upon
the  posting of  the revised White Paper or such policies and rules on the Website and you are
solely responsible for reviewing any such notice and the corresponding changes to the White
Paper. Your continued use of the Website and/or the Services following any such revisions to the
White Paper or  such policies and rules will constitute your acceptance of such changes. If you do
not agree to  any such changes, do not continue to use the Website and/or the Services.
59





