Cryptocurrency REcoin
Basic Overview
The REcoin cryptocurrency is designed to facilitate a wide range of financial transactions, which is
supported by:
 Real estate holdings in stable and developed economies, such as the United States, Canada,
Japan, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland;
 Economic and technical elements that support the coin’s attractiveness as a payment method for
transactions within the real estate market;
 REcoin’s development team, which includes lawyers and programmers, who have crafted a
system of smart contracts for the rental and sale of real estate holdings;
 A carefully developed ecosystem that includes partnerships on various internet platforms.
The holders of REcoin are not only investors, but also users of the token. The investment potential of
REcoin as a cryptocurrency is built upon its real estate portfolio, in which the proceeds from the initial sale
of tokens are invested, as well as 83% of the mining within the next fifty years of issue.
The target audience is represented by three main categories of real estate market participants:
 Real estate brokers (who are licensed to operate as Real Estate Brokers) are key players in the
real estate market who, by virtue of their professional activities, are the first to assess the
advantages of new technologies and introduce them into their daily practice;
 Sellers (landlords) and buyers (tenants): This is the most numerous category, which at any given
point is representative of almost everyone in the general public;
 Service providers: Individuals and companies that provide various services for real estate market
participants.
The following needs have been identified for each of the target audiences noted above:
1)  Smart contract creation, which  simplify of the procedure, which speeds the process and increases the
independence of the participants from third parties when conducting payment transactions;
2)  Increasing profitability (for brokers and service providers) and actualizing financial benefits from
operations (for sellers and buyers), including reduction of service and commission fees;
3)  Broadening the possibilities for finding customers and service providers and facilitating the process of
interaction between them.
101REcoin Trust
The 101REcoin Trust will be created to guarantee the activities:
-  Investing the proceeds from real estate holdings, based on the most effective strategies, including
foreclosure, short-sale, and development;
-  Managing profits, rather than paying dividends to beneficiaries; 100% of its net profit is reinvested into
real estate (with the exception of expenses related to legal and economic regulations in accordance with us
law);
-  Reserving control to the REcoin holders' trust, which will vote on investment decisions exceeding 5% of
the market value of its assets;
-  Avoiding mechanisms that provide for the alienation by any means of its property or other actions that do
not meet the interests of the REcoin holders.
In order to achieve a rapid response from financial markets concerning the release of REcoin and to
maximize its use as a means of payment, the REcoin team has developed a strategy to increase the
attractiveness and popularity of their digital token.




Our Guarantee:
- holder
s activities are fully in compliance with US law
- 100% (less the cost of maintenance) of proceeds from the sale of  REcoin are invested in real estate.
- Thanks to our ecosystem, which guarantees rewards to partner sites, the number of our partners will grow
and new technical and economic solutions will be developed for the benefit of all users of REcoin
- In extreme circumstances, REcoin Trust guarantees 70% of the investors’ market value, against the US
Federal Reserve’s 10% (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reserve_requirement).
- The REcoin Wallet: REcoin’s wallet software has been developed taking into account the needs and
preferences of the user and has a design familiar to most cryptocurrency wallets.
The unique features of the REcoin wallet is that it provides for the possibility of voting on the investment
decisions of the Trust. The voting procedure is described in detail below.
REcoin Promotion Strategy
Development of economic and technical solutions as additional options for REcoin:
I.
To ensure the rapid conclusion of verified contracts online, without involving intermediaries, software
supporting smart contracts for real estate transactions has been developed.
A smart contract is a computerized transaction protocol that executes the terms of a contract.
The general objectives are to satisfy common contractual conditions (such as payment terms,
liens, confidentiality, and even enforcement), minimize exceptions both malicious and
accidental, and minimize the need for trusted intermediaries. Related economic goals include
lowering fraud loss, arbitrations and enforcement costs, and other transaction costs.
(https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smart_contract).
In order to create smart contracts, legal preparation of templates and technical development of the software
environment are provided.
Stages:
-  First stage - lease agreement (in the course of x number of years, from the launch of REcoin);
-  Second stage - contract sale (in the course of two years).
II.
Research and development of the REcoin ecosystem: the search, creation and integration of various internet
platforms that will provide services in the real estate, retail, and financial services markets. Points of sale and
other business services of any specialization can also apply for inclusion within the affiliate program.
Expand the range of operations and services in real estate, and design financially beneficial management
methods to conduct REcoin's services, to facilitate recruitment of partners providing web services for
the platform.
By the time of launch, the REcoin ecosystem will be represented by the following Internet platforms and
partners:
-                                                                                                                     101REbid - an on-line platform for conducting auctions for the sale and lease of real estate;
-                                                                                                                     101CoWork - an internet service for locating or offering real estate services;
-                                                                                                                     101News - a news website dedicated real estate issues;
-                                                                                                                     101CoLiving - a platform where people could find a place for co-living around the world;
-                                                                                                                     101MLS - an internet platform for realtors;
-                                                                                                                     101FundIt - an internet platform for real estate crowdfunding.




A prerequisite for the successful launch of the affiliate program is the provision of a possibility to carry out
calculations from the platform directly to REcoin at reduced commission rates or on other terms devised to
be beneficial to REcoin users. In addition, the opportunity to use the REcoin ecosystem for social networking
objectives.
III.
Interested brokers are to recommend their customers make payments for transactions in REcoin by
encouraging its use through their own personal experience using the tokens and by relying on a loyalty
program designed for brokers.
The essence of the loyalty program consists of the offer to buy 101REcoin tokens at the lowest price (at a
discount of 3% from the current rate in the corresponding fiat currency) in the volumes described below, to
brokers with a Broker Real Estate license.
IV.
Expanding the possibilities of using REcoin as an investment tool by regulating the creation of sidechains
for projects related to real estate investments.
Sidechain is a new blockchain system that is based on the parent chain of the blocks. The
sidechain maintains communication with the parent blockchain by conducting three-stage
transactions to transfer funds between the parent blockchain and the sidechain. Sidechains
create the potential for new financial ecosystems through their integration into existing
ones, which distinguishes them from other cryptocurrencies that currently ignore existing
networks. Using the sidechain, you can create smart financial contracts, stocks, futures,
derivatives, and more. The assets of the sidechains are, thus, interdependent with the assets
and volatility of the parent blockchain (https://gendal.me/2014/10/26/a-simple-explanation-
of-bitcoin-sidechains/, http://cryptonyka.com/articles/102-saidchein-sidechain-blokchein-
baziruyuschiisja-na-roditelskoi-cepochke-blokov.html).
The approach to creating sidechains:
•  The REcoin contract code is protected from unauthorized creation of sidechains;
•  Includes the creation of a special commission whose task is to select only well-researched and
reliable business projects prior to the creatioin of a new sidechain;
•  Control over the creation of sidechains will authorize the creation of real estate-secured sidechains of
REcoin for the benefit of the entire community.
REcoin Development
The first stage is the launch and development of REcoin - ICO, 7.08.2017 - 7.10.2017.
The main tasks to be accomplished are: marketing efforts to promote the REcoin cryptocurrency to the
general public, pre-sale of REcoin tokens. The pre-sale of tokens is not limited, however, volumes of tokens
subject to sale at a discount are limited.
Discounts will be set to the following scheme:
-  First 10 000 000 RCN - discount of 15%, 1RCN = $0.85.
-  Next 15 000 000 RCN - discount of 12%, 1RCN = $0.88.
-  Next 20 000 000 RCN - discount of 9%, 1RCN = $0.91.
-  Next 25 000 000 RCN - discount of 6%, 1RCN = $0.94.
-  Next 30 000 000 RCN - discount of 3%, 1RCN = $0.97.
-  Subsequent sale of tokens will be at the following rate - 1RCN = $1.
The second stage, the establishment stage, will occur within the first year of REcoin's launch. During this
period, the sale of REcoin tokens will continue at the rate of 1RCN = $1USD. The proceeds will go to the
101REcoin Trust and will be invested in real estate holdings. The main task at this stage is the development




of software for smart contracts, as well as testing the soundness and reliability of the technical side of
REcoin.
The third stage is the active development of the ecosystem portion of the project. It's duration will be 50
years; and, during this period, REcoin will fully realize its financial returns. The issue of new tokens will
increase progressively every year in this stage. Tokens will be issued as a reward for mining.
Mining is a record-keeping service. Miners keep the blockchain consistent, complete, and
unalterable by repeatedbly verifying and collecting newly broadcast transactions into a new
group of transactions called a block. Each block contains a cryptographic hash of the
previous block, using the SHA-256 hashing algorithm, which links it to the previous block,
thus giving the blockchain its name.
In order to be accepted by the rest of the network, a new block must contain a so-called proof-
of-work. The proof-of-work requires miners to find a number called a nonce, such that when
the block content is hashed along with the nonce, the result is numerically smaller than the
network’s difficulty target. This proof is easy for any node in the network to verify, but
extremely time-consuming to generate, as for a secure cryptographic hash, miners must try
many different nonce values (usually the sequence of tested values is 0, 1, 2, 3, …) before
meeting the difficulty target. (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bitcoin#Mining)
The tokens minted during the mining process will be distributed between the miners closing the block (15%)
and 101REcoin Trust (83%), while 2% will go to charity.
The fourth stage, will be known as prosperity. This stage will be characterized by the conclusion of REcoin
minting. The total number of tokens released into circulation will be 10^12. The security of the
cryptocurrency will continue to be supported by the investment activities of 101REcoin Trust, whose number
of partners will grow. In addition new technical and economic solutions will be developed for the benefit of
the entire community of the REcoin holders. Support for the interest of the community through the product
of mathematical calculations that confirm the legitimacy of transactions on the blockchain will be carried out
through voluntary commission payments.
Founder of REcoin
The founder of REcoin is Maksim Zaslavskiy. The founder's income, which is set at 0.5% of the transaction
commission, is registered and calculated by the REcoin program code. This right is life-long and inheritable.
The Social Orientation of REcoin
The REcoin cryptocurrency is designed to form a socially responsible society, which is accomplished
through the above-mentioned deductions from the mining process (2%) and the transaction commission
(6%), both of which will be donated for charitable purposes.




Technical Characteristics of REcoin
Programming Code
The Ethereum protocol for the creation of cryptocurrency is used, which provides the following benefits:
1.  Inclusion of decentralized, transparent, and immutable blockchain technology.
2.  Reliance upon proof of work (PoW) mining as a consensus method.
3.  The ability to create and deploy Turing-complete smart contracts.
Blockchain technology has proven itself as perhaps the safest way of maintaining records of transactions
performed within any computational system, as each member of the network owns a copy of the database.
The processes underlying the technology of blockchain are well-studied and are gaining wide-spread
popularity in a variety of fields.
A blockchain - originally block chain - is a distributed database that is used to maintain a
continuously growing list of records, called blocks. Each block contains a timestamp and a
link to a previous block. A blockchain is typically managed by a peer-to-peer network
collectively adhering to a protocol for validating new blocks. By design, blockchains are
inherently resistant to modification of the data. Once recorded, the data in any given block
cannot be altered retroactively without the alteration of all subsequent blocks and a collusion
of the network majority. Functionally, a blockchain can serve as ‘an open, distributed ledger
that can record transactions between two parties efficiently and in a verifiable and permanent
way. The ledger itself can also be programmed to trigger transactions automatically.’”
(https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blockchain).
The use of PoW as a consensus method, which protects against the insertion of false data into the record, is
by far the most widespread and heavily used cryptocurrency consensus method.
A proof of work is a piece of data which is difficult (costly, time-consuming) to produce but
easy for others to verify and which satisfies certain requirements. Producing a proof of work
can be a random process with low probability so that a lot of trial and error is required on
average before a valid proof of work is generated (https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Proof_of_work).
Minimal unit - 10^-4, or 0,0001 RCN.
Confirmation of each block will occur every 20.5s (similar to the Ethereum network, ). The block volume limit
is 12 KBytes.
Smart Contracts
An important element of technology used in REcoin is the Ethereum protocol, especially smart contracts.
Smart contracts allow, not only the use of cryptocurrencies as working capital, but also to enter certain
conditions under which agreed-upon conditions will be automatically carried out.
A smart contract is a computerized transaction protocol that executes the terms of a contract.
The general objectives are to satisfy common contractual conditions (such as payment terms,
liens, confidentiality, and even enforcement), minimize exceptions both malicious and
accidental, and minimize the need for trusted intermediaries. Related economic goals include
lowering fraud loss, arbitrations and enforcement costs, and other transaction costs.
(https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smart_contract).
Such a simple software solution truly has a powerful market potential, allowing users of various internet
markets to be protected from unscrupulous suppliers and, accordingly, consumers of goods and services,
without resorting to complex and costly third-party remediation services when there is no legislative need for
this.




REcoin’s team of developers, which includes lawyers and programmers, will continue to work on the
creation and development of a software environment that allows the inclusion of smart contracts for the
rental and sale of real estate. By the beginning of REcoin's turnover in stage three, the platform will be
prepared to smart lease contracts. These smart contracts will be executed within the REcoin ecosystem; and
holders of other currencies will be able to use this platform by converting their currency to REcoin.
Mining
The process of mining is set up so that it remains attractive enough for the members of the network who are
creating blocks, without which it is not possible to create a network consensus (PoW technology is used
here), while at the same time ensuring that the operation of the REcoin platform is a source of financial
guarantees for its members.
Namely:
1.  The annual mining program is established according to a progressive formula, which means that the
number of minted tokens increases annually through mining. The stronger the network, the more the
issue of coins.
2.  In total, 999x10 ^ 9 coins will be issued in the process of mining, which will continue for 50 years.
3.  Tokens minted through the mining process will be distributed according the following proportions:
-                                                                                                                15% - miners;
-                                                                                                                                                 83% - to 101REcoin Trust, for use in further investments;
-                                                                                                                2% - for charitable donations.
The miners completing any block will receive 15% from the mining reward, which is deemed a large enough
amount to support the interest of the miners to continue their work. Specifically: only in the first year, the
miners will receive 16 million RCN, by the sixth year the income of the miners from the annual mining will
increase by a factor of 10, and by the year 20, the miners will earn 1 billion RCN in the process of mining.
Creating REcoin Sidechains
In the REcoin code it is stipulated that the creation of sidechains requires there be a wallet with AltCoin in
the amount of 1,000 ALTC.
AltCoin are tokens designed to protect the REcoin cryptocurrency from creation of uncontrolled or
unauthorized sidechains. Their total emission is set at 100,000 ALTC.
The mechanism of the ratio of mining on any sidechain and the 101REcoin blockchain is similar to the
process of mining REcoin itself.
ALTC distribution mechanism:
1.  The REcoin Foundation owns the AltCoins at the time they are created. The minting of the tokens is
one-time and there will be no subsequent issue of these tokens.
2.  The applicant for the creation of a new sidechain will submit an application to the REcoin
Foundation, which includes a full description of the future project, mathematical calculations and
business processes.
3.  REcoin Foundation will consider the application and, if approved, till transfer the required amount of
1,000 ALTC to the applicant, which then makes it possible to a create an approved sidechain.




Transaction Fees
Conducting transactions in the cryptocurrency REcoin implies the possibility of charging a commission for
confirming this transaction on the blockchain, similar to that practiced with other cryptocurrencies.
Miners will receive 92.5% of the amount from a voluntary commission.
The remaining 7.5% will be distributed between the Founder REcoin, Maksim Zaslavskiy, the organization
providing technical and service support to REcoin (1%), and donors and charitable organizations and their
associations, which will comprise 6% of the voluntary transaction commission.




REcoin Secured Real Estate Investment
101REcoin Trust
To provide REcoin tokens with real estate investments, 101REcoin Trust will be created (hereinafter referred
to as “the Trust”).
The creation and functioning of the Trust, the duties of the manager, and his official activities are governed
by the laws of the State of Nevada, USA.
Creating the Trust
From the beginning of the first stage of development of the REcoin platform (ICO), the creators of REcoin
will prepare all the documents necessary for the creation of the Trust, in accordance with US law.
At the end of the ICO, the creators of REcoin in the person of Maksim Zaslavskiy will create the Trust on the
conditions described below, transferring as a share of the capital proceeds from pre-mining and the right to
receive funds from the initial sale of tokens in full, as well as the share of RCN tokens issued in the process
of mining (in the volume of 83% of all emitted by the prescribed software algorithm in the next 50 years,
which is 999x10 ^ 9x83% RCN).
Founder and Manager - Maksim Zaslavskiy.
Management Company: REcoin Foundation.
Primary activity: investment in real estate.
Obligations: in the case of an emergency situation of a social, personal or any other nature, redeem tokens at
a price equal to 70% of the exchange rate of REcoin.
Manager’s Duties:
-  Transfer, as the authorized controller of the capital for the Trust, cash generated from the pre-marketing of
REcoin during the ICO;
-  Provide a mechanism for obtaining funds from the initial sale of tokens and the proper share of the
REcoin tokens issued during the mining process;
-  Ensure the process of creating and administering the activities of the Trust;
-  Ensure the possibility of  the influence of REcoin's community on the management decisions, by
designating a Foundation;
-  Preclude inheritance of the rights of the Manager by persons who are not direct descendants (children,
grandsons, great-grandchildren) of the founder, including spouses.
Manager’s Rights:
-  Selection, appointment, and control of the activities of the Management Company, at discretion, on the
basis of the monthly reports on the results of the work on the management of the Trust's assets.
REcoin Foundation
-  Monitor compliance of the community’s rights in participation of the managerial decisions of the
Management Company;
-  Communicate the community’s decisions to the management of the Management Company by writing
letters with recommendations;
-  To ensure public access of the REcoin’ community on information about the decisions made by the
community and the corresponding steps taken by the Management Company.
-  The right to receive reports on the activities of the Trust;
-  The right to financial compensation for their services in accordance with the contract concluded with
them.




General Provisions
The Trust's functions include two types of economic activity:
- Trade recoin tokens, by which it is meant an information software product called "cryptocurrency"
- Investing in real estate
Rules for the conduct of economic activity:
Investing in real estate is intended to create a diversified portfolio of investment in real property, which is
ensured by:
- Diversification of risks through the distribution of investments across geographic regions (initially - the
geographical regions will include the United States, gradually expanding investment activities to other
countries: Canada, Japan, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland).
- Diversification of risks through the use of four investment strategies: rent, foreclosure, short-sale,
development.
A foreclosure is a home that belongs to the bank, which once belonged to a home owner.
The homeowner either abandoned the home or voluntarily deeded the home to the bank
(https://www.thebalance.com/what-is-a-foreclosure-1798185).
A short sale is a scenario in which a homeowner has fallen behind on mortgage payments,
and the bank that has extended the mortgage is motivated to recoup at least some of the
money borrowed since their client isn’t paying. The house may be sold for much less than
the lien held against it, but the bank will get as much as possible instead of losing out on
payments for months and months (http://holidayresortrealty.com/what-is-a-short-sale/).
Real estate development, or property development, is a multifaceted business process,
encompassing activities that range from the renovation and re-lease of existing buildings to
the purchase of raw land and the sale of developed land or parcels to others
(https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Real_estate_development).
Expected Cap Rate for these strategies within the USA:
•  Rent - from 9 to 12%;
•  Foreclosure - from 30 to 70%;
•  Short-sales - from 20 to 40%;
•  Development - from 40 to 80%.
For comparison:
S&P 500 cap rate - approximately 8%
(http://www.iinews.com/site/pdfs/JPM_RE_Fall_2005_Conner_Liang.pdf);
US Treasury Bonds - approximately 2% over the past 10 years (https://ru.investing.com/rates-bonds/u.s.-10-
year-bond-yield-streaming-chart).
REcoin Trading Rules:
1.  The Trust sells its share of REcoin minted in the process of mining in any way available to it, aiming to
maximize its profit. The cost of selling 1 RCN, expressed in US dollars, hereinafter referred to as
"market rate" (market rate, Rm).
2.  The Trust buys units of REcoin from individuals and legal entities through the resources of the REcoin
Platform in circumstances designated by the holders as extraordinary, at a cost of 70% of the market rate,
0.7Rm. This value is called the "guaranteed rate" (guaranteed rate, Rg).
3.                                                                                                                "Available Limit," Lim is the sum of the REcoin tokens that the Trust is ready to purchase immediately,
calculated as the ratio of highly liquid assets of Al to the guaranteed rate. Information on the available
limit and the guaranteed rate is available from the 101REcoin Trust platform.
4.  If the amount of REcoin that its holder intends to sell to the Trust exceeds the available limit, then the
purchase of the REcoin by the Trust is carried out within the time limits stipulated by the current ratio of




the highly liquid and low liquid assets of the Trust, the situation in the real estate market and other
economic conditions, but no later than 45 days from the moment of the transaction.
REcoin Loyalty Program
The loyalty program is developed for licensed brokers of countries in which REcoin plans to operate: USA,
Canada, Japan, the UK, and Switzerland.
Content of the loyalty program: after confirming its status, the broker is entitled to purchase a certain amount
of REcoin sold by the Trust, at a discount from the current RCN/USD selling rate of 3%.
The volumes of tokens available for purchase at a discount are limited as follows:
1 week - 1000 RCN;
2 week - 2000 RCN;
3 week - 4000 RCN;
4 week - 8000 RCN;
5 week - 16000 RCN;
6 week - 32000 RCN;
7 week - 64000 RCN;
8 week - 128000 RCN;
9 week - 256000 RCN;
10 week - 512000 RCN;
11 week - 1024000 RCN.
Limits on weeks 1,2,3,4,6,8,10 and 11 are fireproof.
Projected Indicators of Trust Investment Performance.
The ROA asset turnover ratio calculated for the projected investment activity of the Trust is in the range of
11% + - 1%, starting from the second to the 50th year of the issue of coins.
Comparison of financial performance of the Trust with a simple investment in real estate for an averaged
10% of the annual initial capital (http://economistsoutlook.blogs.realtor.org/2016/08/12/cap-rates-compress-
in-realtors-cre-markets-in-q2-2016/), obtained in the process of premising a $10 ^ 9 gives a progressively
increasing return, which already after 10 years gives an index of 1000%. The source of this indicator is:
1. Refinancing at the expense of the Trust's profit;
2. Additional financing through the share of the Trust from the issue of REcoin, which is not a direct
investment of individuals or legal entities, but reflects the financial growth of the community.
3. Use of effective investment strategies and risk diversification.




The Role of the REcoin’s Community in the Management of the Trust
REcoin’s community is interested in the effective operation of the Trust, in view of REcoin's security in its
real estate investments. Therefore, each REcoin token holder has the opportunity to influence the investment
policy of the Trust, namely, the decision to invest in the amount (Vo) exceeding 5% of the market value
expressed in the currency of the country in which the investment is intended to be made. All REcoin tokens
which are in circulation (Qcoi):
Vo >= 5% x Rm x Qcoi
The mechanism outlining community’s participation in the management of the Trust:
1. Adoption of REcoin Foundation decisions on a one-time investment for the amount of Vo;
2. REcoin Fundation creates a ballot to put a vote to the community;
3. The decision is considered approved, if not less than 51% of the votes are in favor of this ballot.
Within REcoin wallets, the technical possibility of individual REcoin holders voting on matters concerning
investment decisions made by the Trust is provided. The concept of "weight" of voice is introduced here:
Voting rules:
- The REcoin holder has the right to vote "for", "against" or "abstain".
- To the chosen voting decision, the "weight" of the voice is added, equal to the sum of available tokens in
the wallet. That is, if the holder voted "yes" and he had a balance of 500 RCN in his wallet, then the decision
"for" the proposal will have the effective weight of 500.
- Voting takes place only for one decision. The possibility to divide the "weight" of the vote between
different decisions is not provided (that is, it is impossible to vote partially "for" and partly "abstain", for
example).
- Voting takes place only for actual decisions and only in the period of time reserved for voting on this
decision.
- Voting is voluntary and does not give any direct financial benefits to the holder of REcoin.




REcoin’s Social Orientation
Charitable Foundations and Organizations
The creators of REcoin consider charity for the benefit of humanity as a whole an important element of
REcoin's operation.
The right to charitable assistance is provided by:
1.                                                                                                               The charitable organization Live Love Laugh Global, 2% annual mining rewards.
2.                                                                                                               The largest world charitable organizations, 1.5% of the transaction commission (0.15% of each
organization):
A.  Homes For Our Troops (HFOT), https://www.hfotusa.org/ - a privately funded 501(c) (3) nonprofit
organization that builds and donates specially adapted custom homes nationwide for severely injured
post - 9/11 Veterans, to enable them to rebuild their lives.
B.  World Vision, https://www.worldvision.org/joy-travels - world’s largest international children’s
charity, working to bring real hope to millions of children in the world’s hardest places.
C.  Feeding America, http://www.feedingamerica.org/ - helps provide meals to people in need through a
network of food banks and helps address root causes of hunger.
D.  American Red Cross, http://www.redcross.org/hp/0617-2 - prevents and alleviates human suffering
in the face of emergencies by mobilizing the power of volunteers and the generosity of donors.
E.  Doctors Without Borders/Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF), http://www.doctorswithoutborders.org -
provides emergency medical care to people caught in crises, provides assistance when catastrophic
events overwhelm local health systems, assists people who face discrimination or neglect from their
local health systems or when populations are otherwise excluded from health care.
F.  Rotary, http://rotary.org - is a global network of different people, who come together to make
positive, lasting change in communities at home and abroad.
G.  Save the children, http://www.savethechildren.org - gives children a healthy start in life, the
opportunity to learn and protection from harm.
H.  International Medical Corps, https://internationalmedicalcorps.org - a global, humanitarian,
nonprofit organization dedicated to saving lives and relieving suffering through health care training
and relief and development programs.
I.                                                                                                               Global Fund for Women, https://www.globalfundforwomen.org - global champion for the human
rights of women and girls.
J.   Friends of Animals, http://www.friendsofanimals.org - non-profit, international animal advocacy
organization, works to cultivate a respectful view of nonhuman animals, free-living and domestic.
3.                                                                                                               Regional associations of charitable foundations that distribute grants in their region - 6 associations, each
proportion is proportional to the population of the region, only 4,5%:
• REcoin Asian Regional Association of Charitable Foundations - 59.6% of the world's population live, the
commission share is 2.5%.
• REcoin African Regional Association of Charitable Foundations - 16.6% of the world's population live, the
share of the commission is 0.8%.
• REcoin European Regional Association of Charitable Foundations - 9.8% of the world's population live,
the commission share is 0.5%.
• REcoin Latin American Regional Association of Charitable Foundations - 8.6% of the world's population
live, and the commission share is 0.45%.
• REcoin North American Regional Association of Charitable Foundations - 4.8% of the world's population
live, the commission share is 0.2%.
• REcoin Regional Association of Oceania Charity Foundations - 0.1% of the Earth's population live, the
share of the commission is 0.05%.
Regional associations of charitable foundations will be managed by boards of directors, each of which will
be selected based on his experience in this area, personal qualities, a vision of the work of the association,
and an understanding of its needs. The function of regional associations will be to distribute the budget by
providing grants to charitable organizations for specific programs and projects.





