A




A
Contents
1. Introduction to Athero Platform...                                                                               ... 3
2. Vision and Mission...                                                                                            .. 4
2.1. The need of Athero...                                                                                          .6
                                        2.2. Challenges with current IoT solutions…………………………………………...               ...9
                                        2.3. Changing the IoT landscape…………………….……………………………………………………………………10
2.4.                                    Athero Structure…………………………………….……………………………………………………………….10
2.5.                                    Commercial Athero products………………………………...                                   ..11
3. Key Technologies of THO chain ...                                                                                ...14
                                        4. Athero token (THO)………………………………………….…………...                               ..18
                                        5. Athero ICO details…………………………….……………….…………………………...                       ..19
                                        6. Sustainability of the Project……………………………………..………………………..…………………………..23
6.1. Roadmap of Athero...                                                                                           ... 24
6.2. Athero Team...                                                                                                 .. 26
7. Contact us…...                                                                                                   ... 28




Athero.io                                                                                          A new era of Cryptofinance for the Internet 3.0
1. Introduction to Athero Platform
The Athero platform structure is a decentralized and economically  sustainable public
compute infrastructure that is focused on growth and prosperity.
Athero is a platform designed to improve commerce by combining the Internet of Things and
the blockchain technology. Athero incorporates a distributed operating system with an open
blockchain, using virtual business to business networks and a consensus algorithm to realize
better offline solutions for information flow and product sourcing needs.
While the Athero design is inspired by that of earlier blockchains, it also realizes decades of
research across the fields of concurrent and distributed computation, mathematics, and
programming language design. The platform includes a modular, end-to-end design that
commits to correct-by-construction software and industrial extensibility.
Simply put, Athero is a highly profitable, global cryptocurrency ecosystem that doesn’t rely
on banks or any other financial institution.
The Athero Blockchain Protocol and Athero Token
THO is native crypto token currency which is being created to be integrated with and used on the
Athero network, for decentralized applications on the network.
Initially, THO is proposed to be issued and implemented on the public Ethereum blockchain
asan ERC-20 compliant token. Athero team will integrate its existing “wallet” function to hold
THObalances, and allow users to utilize the tokens on the THO platform shortly after the
tokensare activated. The Athero protocol is being developed for implementation on its own
opensource blockchain. In this scenario, the initial THO based on ERC-20 would be exchanged
on a 1:1 basis with native THO issued on Athero’s blockchain.
Blockchain technology changes the roles of users, IoT devices and vendors in the IoT system.
3




Athero.io                                                                                           A new era of Cryptofinance for the Internet 3.0
Unlike the current centralized architecture, users in the new IoT system can dynamically
develop data authorization mechanisms and interaction rules with devices, etc.
Not only  does the  device  perform  a  single function.  The  blockchain can  simply
interconnects the device, and also enables devices to interact with each other autonomously.
Vendors no longer need to maintain hundreds or thousands of IT systems in different systems.
Changing roles will attract more participants, reshape market rules and create entirely new
business models.
Athero is a new blockchain protocol being developed and specifically designed and optimized
for business and marketplace applications. The protocol will consist of a blockchain based
“virtual machine” and defined modules of middleware software stacks, which operate outside
the chain. It will support decentralized processes governed by smart contractsimplemented on
the network.
2. Vision and Mission
Blockchain  technology  has a  huge  potential  to  create  new  bussines  models  and
bring measurable benefits and value to the public and private sectors. To unlock this potential,
Athero protocol was designed purposefully to tackle the main challenges which limit the fluent
exchange and integrity of data in product smart chains. With smart chain data becoming
increasingly fragmented, scalability and cost concerns of current decentralized solutions
become evident.
Using Athero,  all  stakeholders can  securely  share  their  data  and  keep  sensitive  data
fully encrypted  at  all  times.  By  supporting  global  standards  for  data  exchange            (GS1,
IoT, compliance  standards),  Athero  assures  compatibility  with  existing  ERP  systems,
making implementation process quick and efficient. Finally, it is fully decentralised. It removes
the possibility of collusions and introduces full accountability for the data provided.
4




Athero.io                                                                                         A new era of Cryptofinance for the Internet 3.0
Athero is not a company, it is an ecosystem. It’s based on token economy with directrelations
between users and network nodes free of arbitrary fees. Contribution to Atheroecosystem is
a pledge towards more transparent, collaborative, fair and trusted decentralized blockchain.
Modern society’s commercial infrastructure has evolved to favor the largest markets where
most valuable asset is information.
Web 3.0: The Third Generation Web is Coming
The Web is entering a new phase of evolution. There has been debate, which innvolved
thinking about proper name. Web 3.0 is revolution in modern era.
Some would prefer to not name it all, while others suggest continuing to call it “Web 2.0”.
However, this new phase of evolution has quite a different focus from what Web 2.0 has come
to mean.
Athero’s mission is to create a “world changing data/financial tool/network”. THO Blockchain
Meets  IoT.  Building  decentralized  cutting  edge  blockchain  enviroment                       =  “Internet  of
Blockchains”
What is internet of blockchians?
The future of blockchain will not be one network to rule them all, but rather an interconnected
network of multiple blockchains, much like the internet as we know it.
The Athero technology makes blockchain networks work more like the internet. Just as
the internet is a series of smaller physical networks, connected to a larger network through
common protocols, Athero will connect smaller, diverse networks together to create a truly ,
global, scalable, and evolving blockchain layer of the internet.
5




Athero.io                                                                                         A new era of Cryptofinance for the Internet 3.0
2.1 The need for Athero: Market Analysis
Cryptocurrency has been the latest buzz everywhere in nowday. Bitcoin has been a huge
success as the first cryptocurrency that has proved every financial expert wrong.
within quicktime Bitoin surpassed several assets to touch   $300B market cap in Dec 2017.
Not only that, Bitcoin paved way for multiple currencies to follow. Today, there are more
than 1000 crypto currencies running successfully in the market.
As we now, this crypto currency leader brought different point of view almost on  everething
connected to the finance and technology.
However,  the  key  to  success  of  Bitcoin  is  its  underlying  technology;  The  Blockchain
technology. With immutability, distributed ledger system and secure P2P transactions,
blockchain technology quickly grabbed several eyeballs.
According to MarketsandMarkets, the global blockchain market was valued at $286.74 bln
2017. This value is expected to touch $7683.7 bln by 2023, growing at a whopping CAGR of
79.6% between 2017 and 2023. Reduced TCO and increasing demand for distributed ledger
systems are the key factors that are driving blockchian technology. Both North America and
Europe regions hold a market share of 40% while the Asia Pacific accounts for 10%. The rest
of the world holds the remaining 10% share.
that, Bitcoin paved way for multiple currencies to follow. Today, there are more than 1000
6




Athero.io                                                                                           A new era of Cryptofinance for the Internet 3.0
While the blockchain technology was introduced as the underlying technology for Bitcoin,
developers are now extending its functionality to every other industry to leverage its power.
The Internet of Things (IoT) is not excluded.
The Rise of Internet of Things
Internet of Things (IoT) is one of the growing technologies in recent times. Simply put, Internet
of Things is a network that comprises things such as computing devices, sensors, electronic
equipment etc. with the help of an IP address for each thing, you can easily monitor and
manage the things of the network from anywhere, anytime and from any device. A common
example is using your smart phone to turn on your geyser, AC or TV at home from your office
or any other location.
The state of IoT Market
According to a Forbes article, the global IoT market was valued at $157 billion in 2016. This
value is expected to touch $457 billion by 2020, growing at a CAGR of 28.5%. Manufacturing,
logistics and utilities are the three major verticals that would account for the major market
share, earning $40 billion each. Boston Consulting Group predicts that the total IoT market
7




Athero.io                                                                                         A new era of Cryptofinance for the Internet 3.0
would touch $267 billion by 2020. Similarly, Bain predicts that the B2B IoT market would earn
an annual revenue of $300 billion b 2020.
MarketsandMarkets reports that the global IoT market value was $170.57 billion in 2017. This
value is expected to reach $561.04 billion by 2022, growing at a CAGR of 26.9%. Analyst firm
Statista has something exciting to offer. According to Statista, the global IoT market revenues
were  $157.05 billion in 2016. This value is expected to touch $457.29 billion by  2020.
Consumer electronics is the largest industry for IoT followed by the automotive industry.
8




Athero.io                                                                                       A new era of Cryptofinance for the Internet 3.0
2.2 Challenges with current IoT Solutions
While several industries are aggressively embracing the IoT network, it comes with several
challenges.
Trust
IoT networks involve a range of disparate things, right from laptops, smartphones and
wearables  to  sensors,  TVs,  medical  equipment  and  many  more.  As  such,  managing
communication between disparate users is always a challenge. To exchange data, devices
should trust and verify the authenticity of each other.
Data transfer speeds
With a range of disparate devices working in the network, exchanging data and processing it
takes time. There are several intermediaries such as IoT gateways and filters. As data passes
through these intermediaries, it takes more time to reach the destination. Moreover, devices
in the network are not evenly configured. As such, data consumption and storage varies with
each device. So, the central management has to monitor and act accordingly.
Total cost of ownership
IoT networks bring flexibility and heterogeneity into the network. However, it comes at an
additional cost. The processing overheads, gateways and other intermediaries increases the
operational costs. Not to forget the centralized management! As such, businesses have to
optimize resources to reduce the TCO.
Security
While data is exchanged between multiple devices, security and reliability becomes critical.
However, security is not only confined to data hacking. The health and safety of humans is in
stake too. Consider an instance wherein a hacker gets access to household appliances such as
baby monitors or rifles or any harmful things. The damage can be unimaginable.
The blockchain technology offers the right solution for all IoT challenges. Athero integrates
crypto, IoT and encryption/decryption technologies to create a new decentralized and
distributed Internet of Things.
9




Athero.io                                                                                       A new era of Cryptofinance for the Internet 3.0
2.3 Athero: Changing the IoT Landscape
Athero is a blockchain-based decentralized, distributed and economically sustainable public
compute  platform. By  integrating two innovative  technologies namely  blockchain  and
Internet of Things and augmenting it with encryption/decryption technologies, Athero offers
a highly scalable and secure global cryptocurrency eco system that runs on a distributed
operating system uses consensus algorithm for end-to-end crypto solutions.
2.4 Athero Structure
Athero's engineers combined best-in-class technologies with private development to create
fog computing stack.
1)  Ethereum smart contracts
A consensus system ensuring transparency and security for the system’s participants
2)  Fog computing
Decentralized and more efficient computing model compared to cloud
3)  P2P networking stack
Ability to work without public IP (NAT penetration and relays)
4)  Docker Container
Isolated environment ensuring computing parallelism and appropriate apps running
on any device
5)  Overlay networking
Ability to link different containers in private network
How Athero works?
Leveraging the Blockchain Technology, Athero brings New Potential to the Internet of Things.
Athero chain (THO chain) deeply integrates blockchain with Internet ofThings (IoT) to realize
10




Athero.io                                                                                                A new era of Cryptofinance for the Internet 3.0
a decentralized and trusted brand-new distributed IoT systems. It can reduce the cost of
system interconnection, increase the value of data sharing, and ensure user privacy and
system security. THO Chain focuses on the scalability, security and real-time issues that
blockchain faces in the Internet of Things industry. By combining the three technologies:
blockchain, Internet of Things and distributed encryption storage and computing, it builds a
new generation of Internet of Things. This combination can provide entire solutions for data
acquisition, sharing and application in the IoTindustry.
Athero focuses on multi-party data transactions and IoT-big-data-based Artificial Intelligence
(AI) decision-making applications, establishes multi-faceted trustand heterogeneous data
interconnection, and solves the pain points in the industry. Moreover, an explosive and
innovative business model of new generation of datasharing is  based on THO chain.
Even  before  the  revenue  of  IoT  reaches  market  expectations,  the costs  of  IoT  are  still
extremely   high.   Most   existing   IoT   solutions   require   huge investments: apart   from   the
commission    for    intermediaries    of    these    services, building    and    maintaining    the
infrastructure   related   to   centralized   cloud   and   large-scale server clusters represent a
significant capital outlay.
2.5 Commercial Athero products
1) Smart contract applications (DApps)
Decentralized applications (dApps) are applications that run on a P2P network of computers
rather than a single computer. dApps have existed since the advent of P2P networks. They
are a type of software program designed to exist on the Internet in a way that is not controlled
by any single entity.dApps are a ‘blockchain-enabled’ website, where the Smart Contract is
and this allows being connect to the blockchain. It's like a "decentralized appstore" where
anyone can publish their unstoppable apps (dapps), which unlike today's apps (think Gmail
or Uber) don't require a middleman to function or to manage a user's information.
11




Athero.io                                                                                        A new era of Cryptofinance for the Internet 3.0
2) Blockchain-based Decentralized Exchange
A decentralized exchange is an exchange market that does not rely on a third party service to
hold the customer's funds. Instead, trades occur directly between disparate users (peer to
peer) through an automated process. This system can be achieved by creating proxy tokens
(crypto assets that represent a certain fiat or crypto currency) or assets (that can represent
shares in a company for example) or through a decentralized multi-signature escrow system,
among other solutions that are currently being developed.
This system contrasts with the current centralized model in which users deposit their funds
and the exchange issues an IOU that can be freely traded on the platform. When a user
requests to withdraw his funds, these are converted back into the cryptocurrency they
represent and sent to their owner.
3) Data sharing (IoT)
In the era of big data, the value of data is crucial. The huge amount of datagenerated by
THO chain will also be of great value, and THO chain will use block chaintechnology to make
all data available to and at the disposal of users. For holding data long-term, sidechains
('counterparty protocols)' will be created to avoid disproportionately data load on the main
THO chain.
A large number of Internet of things equipment and user interaction data in the fieldof
business and scientific research have very high value with the development of artificial
intelligence. High-quality data is essential, especially for small and medium-sizedcompanies
and scientific research institutions such as colleges and universities.
With this open IoT data platform of CPChain, you can access to large amounts of realdata at
low cost, which will greatly facilitate technological progress
4) Wifi-ready Solar Smart Bench Network (IOT)
The application potential of Smart Solar Benches is impressive. Supporting the concept of
Smart City, they can integrate a cloud platform combined with various hardware solutions to
gather  data from the environment (with real-time information gathered by sensors).
12




Athero.io                                                                                           A new era of Cryptofinance for the Internet 3.0
A Wi-Fi hotspot that is equipped with air quality sensors be able work for ten days without
sun. Smart bench is optimal for 4 people. This bench is also equipped with the high-speed
LTE Wi-Fi internet. It can be optionally equipped also by the Emergency SOS button directly
connected to the National Emergency System. Built in beneath the solar panel is a Wi-Fi
enabled sensor that is able to register anyone who walks within 150 feet of the bench with a
Wi-Fi enabled mobile device as a unique visitor.
5) Smart Car Parking Technology (IOT)
Again application potential is significant. The next generation, real-time and historical parking
analytics application, Smart parking uses sensors, wireless communication technology, data
analytics etc. to solve parking issues. Smart parking solutions can be used to locate available
parking space with the help of sensors. This saves time as well as minimizes wastage of
fuel. Various technologies are being used to ease parking problems in public places.
For example using RFID technology, the check-in and check-out time for the vehicle can be
reduced and also the payment system can be automated.
Smart city is a key trend
As the demand for data is on the rise, more and more citites, universities and transportation
leaders are turning to smart parking and environment analytics. Their goal is to not only
improve their community, but also help many cities to start down the path of becoming a
smarter city.
6) Air and pollution smart sensors (IOT)
Air pollution has been a global challenge for environment protection. Effectively collecting
and scientifically visualizing the air quality data can better help us monitor the environment
and address related issues. With the progression of advancements in technology, several
innovations has been made in the field of communications that are transiting to Internet of
Things. In this domain, Wireless Sensor Networks (WSN) are one of those independent
13




Athero.io                                                                                              A new era of Cryptofinance for the Internet 3.0
sensing devices to monitor physical and environmental conditions along with thousands of
applications in other fields.
Air pollution is a major environmental change that causes many hazardous effects on human
beings. As such, it needs to be controlled. Hence, we deployed WSN nodes for constant
monitoring of the air pollution around the city and the moving public transport buses and
cars. This methodology gave us the monitoring data from the stationary nodes deployed in
the city to the mobile nodes on Public Transport buses and cars.The data of the air pollution
particles such as gases, smoke and other pollutants is collected via sensors on the public
transport buses and the data is being analyzed when the buses and cars reach the source
destination after passing through the stationary nodes around the city.
Our proposed architecture having innovative mesh network will be more efficient way of
gathering data from the nodes of WSN. It will have lots of benefits with respect to the future
concept of Smart Cities that will have the new technologies related to Internet of Things.
3. Key Technologies of THO chain
Athero Chain(THO) has adopted the asymmetrical encryption.   As long as the private key is
kept properly, the data cannot be cracked even if it’s collected. At the   same   time, all   the
nodes in   THO are equal,   which   protects   the   users’ privacy. Moreover,    based    on    the
character   that   blockchain   cannot    be   tampered, the manufacturers  and  service  providers
will  not  be  able  to  tamper  with  users information.
THO Blockchain can actually be thought of as the combination of several different existing
technologies. While these technologies themselves aren't new, it is the ways in which they
are combined and applied which brought about Athero´s blockchain.
14




Athero.io                                                                                            A new era of Cryptofinance for the Internet 3.0
THO Blockchain itself is composed of these three technologies:
1)  Private key cryptography
2)  A distributed network that includes a shared ledger, accounting for the transactions
and records related to the network
3)  Smart contract ability
The parallel distributed architecture, which separates the data layer from the control layer by
THO chain can greatly improve the transaction speed and system extensibility without
changing the block capacity.
But it also faces new challenges. For example, after separating the data layer from the control
layer, it is necessary to build a distributed storage network and ensure efficient interaction
with the blockchain, and an effective connection must be established between the two
parallel architectures. At the same time, the security and efficiency of the system should be
guaranteed.
In addition, if the data layer is independent, the block chain itself will be abandoned to protect
the privacy ofthe data, so we must design a privacy protection scheme based on encryption
technology.The encryption function based on re-encryption or homomorphic encryption has
certain  requirements  for  computing  resources,  but  the  block  chain  itself  has  limited
computing resources and high cost, so it is necessary to strike a balance between privacy and
availability.
With large scale of nodes and the heterogeneity of data, large scale P2P networks pose a great
challenge in ensuring the consistency in the process of node state synchronization and data
security storage. However, the current block chain distributed network based on the proof of
work                                                                                                 (POW)  consensus  protocol  has  some  problems, such  as  scalability,  waste  of
computational power and limited block speed.
Athero  adopts  the  two-layer  consensus  protocol  solution,  designs  the  dynamic
committee security election mechanismand solves the low throughput and the high delay
15




Athero.io                                                                                           A new era of Cryptofinance for the Internet 3.0
problem while enhancing the data consistency and the system security. In addition, THO chain
is oriented to the characteristics of the Internet of things industry and adopts a cross-chain
architecture. That is, based on the main chain, THO provides industry-oriented side chain
network function expansion for diversified practical application scenarios. The main chain
network is mainly used for the high-speed control channel of IoT data exchange.
Parallel Distributed Encrypted Storage and Computation
Athero chain aims to construct a basic data platform for the IoT system, providing a full
process solution for data acquisition, storage, sharing and application. THO chain will break
through the core underlying technology of the application of block chain in the Internet of
things system, and provide the infrastructure for the sharing and transaction of the data in the
Internet of things.
On THO chain, we can build data aggregation and real-time data flow applications to maximize
the value of Internet of things data.The decentralized blockchain system requires the whole
network node to operate on the same transaction (data), which has great disadvantages from
the point of view of calculation and storage. It cannot give full play to the cooperative ability
of the distributed network system. The decentralized system can only follow the "barrel
principle", so it is not scalable.
Athero proposes the idea of separating data layer from control layer, constructs parallel
architecture  to  enhance  system  scalability,  providesopen  data  sharing  function  while
protecting user privacy, and adopts distributed storage scheme. The user data is encrypted
and uploaded to the cloud to reduce the storage burden of the block chain and to ensure the
integrity and accuracy of the data.
Side chain consensus system with high real-time and security
Another  technology  that  could  see  more  widespread  use  in  the  coming  years  is
sidechains. Based on the sidechain technology, Athero aims to create a modern alternative
internet environment.
16




Athero.io                                                                                            A new era of Cryptofinance for the Internet 3.0
Imagine a blockchain with multiple sidechains. Each sidechain can serve a different purpose
such as scaling traffic, data sharing,instant messaging, and verifying documents, receiving and
distributing data from iot devices or even running blockchain-based web sites.
There can be multiple sidechains where different tasks are distributed accordingly for
improving the efficiency of processing. Maybe one application needs to optimize for high
speeds and another needs to optimize for large computations. In any case, side chains can be
used to handle commercial blockchain usage.
More specifically, a sidechain is an Application-specific Sidechain thatruns parallel to a
mainchain, Athero in this case. Its rule set is customized based on the use-case, and its
security is maintained by the mainchain’s consensus algorithm.
Typical Applications of THO chain
Athero is a platform that is intended to allow people to easily write decentralized applications
(Ðapps) using blockchain technology. A decentralized application is an application which
serves some specific purpose to its users, but which has the important property that the
application itself does not depend on any specific party existing. Rather than serving as a front-
end  for  selling  or  providing  a  specific  party's  services,  a  Ðapp  enables  people  and
organizations on different sides of an interaction to come together without any centralized
intermediary.
Contracts generally serve four purposes:
1)  Maintain a data store representing something which is useful to either other contracts
or to the outside world. One example of this is a contract that simulates a currency,
and another is a contract that records membership in a particular organization.
2)  Serve as a sort of externally owned account with a more complicated access policy.
This is called a "forwarding contract" and typically involves simply resending incoming
messages to some desired destination only if certain conditions are met. For example,
one can have a forwarding contract that waits until two out of a given three private
17




Athero.io                                                                                            A new era of Cryptofinance for the Internet 3.0
keys have confirmed a particular message before resending it (ie. multisig). More
complex forwarding contracts have different conditions based on the nature of the
message sent.The simplest use case for this functionality is a withdrawal limit that is
overrideable via some more complicated access procedure.
3)  Manage an ongoing contract or relationship between multiple users. Examples of this
include a financial contract, an escrow with some particular set of mediators, or some
kind of insurance. One can also have an open contract that one party leaves open for
any other party to engage with at any time. One example of this is a contract that
automatically  pays  a  bounty  to  whoever  submits  a  valid  solution  to  some
mathematical problem, or proves that it is providing some computational resource.
4)  Provide functions to other contracts; essentially serving as a software library.
4. AtheroToken (THO)
Atherotoken (THO) is the key lubricant of the entire Athero ecosystem. Whether you want to
use any application or service, exchange cryptocurrencies or create and sell dApps, you need
to incur a small fee that would require Athero tokens. These tokens can be used to utilize the
Athero IoT network or the AtherodApps. Initially, THO is proposed to be issued and
implemented on the public Ethereum blockchain as an ERC-20 compliant token. Athero team
will integrate its existing “wallet” function to hold THO balances, and allow users to utilize the
tokens on the THO platform shortly after the tokens are activated. The Athero protocol is
being developed for implementation on its own open source blockchain. In this scenario, the
initial THO based on ERC-20 would be exchanged on a 1:1 basis with native THO issued on
Athero’s blockchain.
18




Athero.io                                                                                      A new era of Cryptofinance for the Internet 3.0
How to get Athero tokens?
There are multiple ways to get Athero tokens
You can purchase Athero tokens during the ICO sale
You can purchase Athero tokens at selected cryptocurrency exchanges
You can get Athero tokens by participating in the Athero ecosystem and performing
certain tasks
You can get Athero tokens by referring users
Occasionally, Athero might airdrop tokens
5. Athero ICO Details
Why this ICO?
Athero has a team of experts coming from technical, financial and marketing backgrounds.
While we have a great idea and an expert team to make this idea a reality, we don’t have the
funds to create and manage the distributed Athero IoT networks and hence this ICO.
In addition, we would like to invite people who are interested to be a part of a disruptive
technical project. As a community, we all can come together to contribute towards a more
transparent, collaborative, fair and trusted decentralized blockchain network.
Token Sale Details
For the Token Launch, Athero will issue the THO Token.
The initial funding of the Athero Platform will be through a crowd sale dashboard accessible
via https://athero.io/tokensale
Initially, the company is offering 1,400,000,000 of the 2,000,000,000 initial Tokens.
19




Athero.io                                                                                        A new era of Cryptofinance for the Internet 3.0
Tokens will be distributed in two crowd sales:
(1) A private pre-sale(400,000,000)
(2) (1,000,000,000) via a public sale.
Private sale was available for 2 months. From July 10,2018 to September 16, 2018. Before sale,
we contacted 5000+ companies (+private individuals). They recieved invitations to our Athero
summits. Summits were at London, New York, Dubai and Tokio.
Athero raised 12 000 000 USD in private sale   (at rate 0.03 USD per 1 THO). Tokens were
distributed at the end of  private sale. (17.9.2018)
Public ICO sale will start:
September 20, 2018, Saturday, 11:00 AM
Public ICO sale will end:
January 20, 2019, Friday, 11:00 AM (GMT)
Bonus structure:
1st month 30% ( 1 THO   = 0.028 USD)
2nd month 20% (1 THO = 0.032 USD)
3rd month 10% (1 THO = 0.036 USD)
4th month 0% (1 THO = 0.04 USD)
Payment options:
Bitcoin, Ether, Litecoin, Monero, Dash, Bitcoincash, Ethereum Classic, NEM, NEO
All tokens unsold during the Token Sale will be burned.
Your token balance will be available for viewing in your personal account at
https://athero.io/tokensale immediately after the completion of the transaction. Once the
Token Sale and the KYC process is complete, you can transfer THO tokens to your Ethereum
wallet, specified in your account.
Token: THO
The THO is an Ethereum based token implemented as ERC20 and allows participants to
contribute and engage in building a new blockchain ecosystem.
There are 2,000,000,000 THO tokens in existence and no more tokens will be issued after
the Token sale period is over. About 5% of the tokens, to ensure a wide distribution, will be
airdropped to users of the community and relevant Ethereum blockchain projects that will
add value to the Athero Platform.
20




Athero.io                    A new era of Cryptofinance for the Internet 3.0
Token structure
Soft-cap Budget Allocation
21




Athero.io                                                                                             A new era of Cryptofinance for the Internet 3.0
Software development, IT Infrastructure & Security
A vital part of our budget will be allocated to development. Since software development
requires mostly the collaboration of skilled employees ,this part of our budget will be used to pay
our software developers and analysts. Funds will be used so that the appropriate security and IT
and IT infrastructure is made available to ensure software delivery from the testnet to the
mainnet with utmost quality and in a timely manner.
Marketing & Community building
The Athero Platform is a unique blockchain project that requires hands-on involvement of
ensuring that the impact of decentralisation is effective with a strong sense of community. To
this effect, we have to ensure that enough funds are allocated to the outreach of local,
regional, national and international communities around the world. The marketing budget
will be used to create awareness and engagement of the possibilities of our platform.
On boarding talented developers + development staff
Given the local and international nature of the outreach, it will be vital for Athero to have the
right personnel in the office and on the ground at strategic intersections of specific countries.
This is both a labor and capital intensive endeavour.
Operations & Legal
The budget allocated to operations is to run the supporting organization, to rent the office
space and equipment, have proper means of communication, provide a level of support to
the platform user, etc. Also, ensuring Athero has the right legal contracts with users, traders,
exchanges on an ongoing basis.
Reserve fund
This budget is the Athero 'reserve fund'. This will be used when new budget needs arise, or
when one of the other budget lines was underestimated and runs out of funding.
22




Athero.io                                                                                        A new era of Cryptofinance for the Internet 3.0
6. Sustainability of the Project
The Athero platform sustains through revenues generated from the following areas.
1) Tokenomics
Athero team involves financial experts and professional traders who have helped in creating
the right tokenomics for this project. As such, the company is confident that profits would be
made as soon as the ICO sale is concluded.
2) Token Fees
Users that participate and use Athero services are supposed to pay a small fee in the form of
Athero tokens. Athero generates a steady revenue from this fee.
3) Marketing Campaigns
a) Online Campaigns
b) Offline Campaigns
4) Partnerships with businesses
23




Athero.io            A new era of Cryptofinance for the Internet 3.0
6.1 Athero Roadmap
24




Athero.io   A new era of Cryptofinance for the Internet 3.0
25




Athero.io                                                                                        A new era of Cryptofinance for the Internet 3.0
6.2 Team Behind the Project
Athero is backed by a strong technical team that has several years of experience in developing
world-class IT solutions. The technical team is augmented by an experienced management
team and a vibrant marketing team that leaves no stone unturned to make Athero succesfull.
Jay Friscia
Thomas Plattsmier
Co-founder +Software developer
CEO + Co-founder
LinkedIn
LinkedIn
Lukas Zadorozny
Sofware developer
LinkedIn
26




Athero.io                     A new era of Cryptofinance for the Internet 3.0
Alex Dehlinger                Madhu Sahota
Marketing, Public relations   Software Engineer
LinkedIn                      LinkedIn
Niou Someya                   Yagi Taisho
Programmer                    Software Developer Technical Lead
LinkedIn                      LinkedIn
27




A
Visit our website and search for contact form
https://athero.io/
Emails:
support@athero.io
athero@athero.io
sales@athero.io
Team members:
Lukas Zadorozny
zadorozny@athero.io
Jay Friscia
friscia@athero.io
Dalton Janovsek
janovsek@athero.io
ThommasPlatsmier
plattsmier@athero.io
Alex Delingher
delinger@athero.io





