Across Platforms’ ClickableTV™
WHITE PAPER
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL           1




BLOCKCHAIN BASED CLICKABLETV™ INTEGRATED
TO ENABLE INTERACTIVE TV
FOR AD-SUPPORTED PREMIUM TV
Overview, Jan 24, 2018
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL                     2




CONTENTS
INTRODUCTION ...                                                                                                                             ... 3
PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS ...                                                                                                                       ... 5
ACHIEVED SO FAR ...                                                                                                                          . 6
THE PROBLEM: ...                                                                                                                             . 9
CLICKABLETV™ SOLUTION BY ACROSS PLATFORMS, INC: ...                                                                                          .. 10
CLICKABLETV™ SYSTEM OVERVIEW: ...                                                                                                            .. 12
AN EXAMPLE: ...                                                                                                                              . 15
HOW IT WORKS: ...                                                                                                                            ... 16
ACROSS PLATFORMS’ CLICKABLETV ETHEREUM TOKEN LIFE CYCLE: ...                                                                                 ... 19
CLICKABLETV™ SOLUTION (FUTURE POINT OF VIEW): ...                                                                                            ... 20
COMPETATIVE ANALYSIS: ...                                                                                                                    . 22
ACROSS PLATFORMS’S DIGITAL PRODUCTS: ...                                                                                                     . 22
COMPANY REVENUE ESTIMATES: ...                                                                                                               ... 23
CLICKABLETV™ SYSTEMS’ PLATFORM FOR TV ADVERTISERS: ...                                                                                       . 25
CLICKABLETV™ SYSTEMS’ OVERVIEW OF INSTALLATION: ...                                                                                          .. 26
INSTALLATION COSTS PER TV EVERYWHERE AND VIRTUAL MVPD COMPANY: .... 27
DATA SECURITY IN CLICKABLE TV™ SYSTEM: ...                                                                                                   .. 27
ABOUT FOUNDER AND PRIMARY INVENTOR: ...                                                                                                      .. 29
ABOUT THE COMPANY: ...                                                                                                                       ... 29
DISCLAIMER: This White Paper is for information purposes only. Our company/ Inventor(s) do not guarantee the accuracy
of or the conclusions reached in this white paper, and this white paper is provided “as is.” Our company/ Inventor(s) do not make
and expressly disclaims all representations and warranties, express, implied, statutory or otherwise, including, but not limited to:
(i) warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, suitability, usage, title or non-infringement; (ii) that the contents
of this white paper are free from error; and (iii) that such contents will not infringe third-party rights. Inventors and affiliates shall
have no liability for damages of any kind whatsoever arising out of the use, reference to, or reliance on this white paper or any of
the content contained herein, even if advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event will Inventors or affiliates be liable to
any person or entity for any damages, losses, liabilities, costs or expenses of any kind, whether direct or indirect, consequential,
compensatory, incidental, actual, exemplary, punitive or special for the use of, reference to, or reliance on this white paper or any
of the content contained herein, including, without limitation, any loss of business, revenues, profits, data, use, goodwill or other
intangible losses.
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL                                                                                                                       3




INTRODUCTION
ClickableTV-  Much  like  today’s  Internet  marketing,  ClickableTV™  technology  allows
viewers to click a commercial from a mobile phone, tablet or Internet browser and either buy the
advertised product or request more information from the advertiser. Clickable TV offers cable
operators new revenue potentials from TV content and advertising sources, including local ad
sales, cable networks and local broadcasters. When a viewer sees a Clickable Moment (i.e. an
icon)  appearing  on  their  television  screen  or  other  video  device,  indicating  the  content  is
“clickable,” they can “click” that moment (either by a mouse click or touchscreen). The viewer is
connected directly to the advertiser’s website. Clickable TV is free of charge to viewers. It requires
no installation, and can use a mobile phone, tablet or Internet browser.
Bitcoin, the World’s first cryptocurrency, appeared in 2008. Currently, approximately $60
billion worth of trade is done with cryptocurrencies every day. In 2015, Ethereum added smart
contracts to its cryptocurrency. A smart contract is a computer protocol designed to facilitate
negotiations, verify, and enforce the performance of contracts. Smart contracts provide enhanced
security and reduce transaction costs associated with agreements using cryptocurrencies.
Across Platforms Inc., d/b/a LifehacksDRTV™ (incorporated in Massachusetts in 2010
with approximately $3.7 million in sales to date) will be selling Ethereum tokens for its ClickableTV
system.  These  tokens  can  be  redeemed  by  consumers  for  goods  and  services  from  the
ClickableTV platform. Currently, Across Platforms’ LifehacksDRTV is installed in  4.7 million
Verizon FiOS cable subscriber homes, reaching a total of 15 million viewers in North America.
LifehacksDRTV is a 100% cloud-based application, allowing media owners to create new revenue
streams selling today’s most popular direct response products.
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL                                                                                     4




PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS
   ClickableTV technology allows viewers to either buy an advertised product or request
more information from the advertiser. It expands cable operators’ revenue potentials from
TV content and other sources.
   Ethereum is an open-source, public, blockchain-based distributed computing platform
featuring  smart  contracts                                                                      (scripting)  functionality.  It  provides  a  decentralized  virtual
machine  (the Ethereum Virtual Machine), that executes scripts using an international
network of public nodes. Ethereum also provides a cryptocurrency token ("ether"). The
token is used to compensate participant nodes for computations performed.
   Blockchain based ClickableTV™ creates interactive advertising. It is designed to make full
use of evolving technologies. Across Platforms Inc. d/b/a LifehacksDRTV™ will be selling
Ethereum tokens for its ClickableTV system, offering discounts and rebates on products
offered by its affiliated advertisers.
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL                                                                           5




ACHIEVED SO FAR
LifehacksDRTV™ launched on Verizon FiOS.
Phase 1 Completed
LifehacksDRTV™ Launched on Broadcast and Cable.
These logos are trademarks Registered in U.S. Patent and Trademark Office.
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL                                                       6




Planned Phase 2 -
Clickable TV™ Estimated to Launch on Over 40 Broadcast and Cable Networks on
One MVPD Provider in 2019.
These logos are trademarks Registered in U.S. Patent and Trademark Office.
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL                                                         7




Phase 3 -
ClickableTV Expands Internationally with Its Advertisers.
These logos are trademarks Registered in U.S. Patent and Trademark Office.
                                                                                          Embedding Ethereum tokens (Across Platforms’ Ethereum tokens) in the digital television
media.
                                                                                          Across Platforms installs a ClickableTV™ server with a Multichannel video programming
distributor (MPVD) provider  (like Comcast), a Virtual MVPD provider  (like Hulu), or a
subscription video on demand (SVOD) provider (like YouTube).
                                                                                          The ClickableTV server converts Across Platforms’ Ethereum tokens (already embedded
in the digital media) into ClickableTV moments that viewers can activate by clicking the
commercial on their mobile device, tablet, or browser.
                                                                                          LifehacksDRTV installations - Across Platforms will install its private-labelled, twenty-
four hour a day video feed of popular direct response TV products (LifehacksDRTV™)
throughout the Across Platforms’ ClickableTV™ network of enabled MVPD, SVOD, and
Virtual MVPD providers.
                                                                                          ClickableTV installations - Across Platforms will install its ClickableTV™ solution with
each MVPD, Virtual MVPD, or SVOD wishing to take advantage of this revolutionary
accountable digital media response detection system.
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL                                                                     8




BLOCKCHAIN BASED CLICKABLETV™ INTEGRATED TO ENABLE INTERACTIVE TV
FOR AD-SUPPORTED PREMIUM TV
THE PROBLEM:
With the advent of the Internet, usage of conventional TVs is decreasing day by day.
Accordingly, advertisers’ investments in television advertising are also decreasing as well. For
example, according to Nielsen Holdings®, in the United States, as video channels proliferate,
viewers are watching video more than 4.5 hours a day. But nearly 83 percent (83%) of these
viewers are skipping commercials as much as possible and are becoming less accessible to the
world's largest advertisers.
Leading actions taken in relation to advertising when using a DVR in the United States as
of August 2016
MediaPost; Hub Entertainment Research
Clearly, there advertisers need an interactive advertising solution that works within the TV
industry’s current technology.
Also, online advertising may well become an important source of revenue for enterprises
engaged  in  electronic  commerce.  Several  different  types  of  web  page  based  online
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL                                                                             9




advertisements  are  currently  in  use,  along  with  various  associated  distribution  systems,
advertising metrics, and pricing mechanisms.
Traditional  online  advertising  includes  static  displays  of  text  or  images  on  a  page.
However, the content available on the Internet and in web pages has become increasingly
dynamic. For example, the viewing  of video content online is becoming more common as
consumers have access to higher bandwidth and spend more time online. Traditional online
advertising has targeted users of static web pages. However, the viewing habits for online videos
are different from usual text reading of web pages online. The attention of the user is focused on
the screen where the video plays as compared to the viewing of scrolling text, so intermittent
advertising that breaks up a video may be disruptive. Accordingly, there is a need for advertisers
to provide non-intrusive advertisements to users who are viewing videos and other multimedia
online.
CLICKABLETV™ SOLUTION BY ACROSS PLATFORMS, INC:
Across  Platforms’  solution  for  these  problems  is  ClickableTV.  Across  Platforms’
ClickableTV is the first solution that incorporates the power of the blockchain with click-through
metrics to add accountability to digital media platforms. Incorporating Ethereum in its foundation,
ClickableTV capitalizes on viewer migration from the cable set-top box to mobile and browser
viewing.
ClickableTV solves the problem of how to convert $72 Billion in annual US TV commercials
that are not currently clickable, into interactive advertising. The viewer need not be alerted in any
way that a ClickableTV server has been installed at his MVPD, Virtual MVPD, or SVOD provider
datacenter. In addition, the ClickableTV solution is perfect for both live and DVR programming
environments that VOD ad serving solutions cannot address.
Across Platforms’ potential audience, from TV Everywhere or Virtual MVPD homes may
grow to 220 million people in the United States by 2021. The worldwide potential audience for
ClickableTV is likely over three billion people.
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL                                                                                  10




Availability of TV Everywhere in United States
Adobe Insights and Company estimate
Virtual MVPDs and SVODs Become Sizable Platform
vMVPD composite - Evercore ISI and Bronzeagle estimates
OTT Viewing - The Diffusion Group
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL                                    11




Across Platforms has been distributing its branded advertising to 4.7 million Verizon FiOS
subscribers  since  December  2017.  The  company  has  identified  Verizon  FiOS  as  the  first
candidate for ClickableTV.
ClickableTV Revenue Projections for Direct Response In US
Advertisers with a worldwide presence will be attracted to the ClickableTV platform in near future.
CLICKABLETV™ SYSTEM OVERVIEW:
Across Platforms’ system requires the installation of a ClickableTV server with an MPVD
provider (like Comcast), a Virtual MVPD provider (like Hulu), or an SVOD (like YouTube) that
converts the Across Platforms’ Ethereum token (already embedded in the digital television media)
into a ClickableTV moment that viewers can activate by clicking the commercial on their mobile
device, tablet or browser.
An Across Platforms’ ClickableTV™ system’s revenue stream mirrors how a  typical
Internet pay per click system would operate. Advertisers will still pay their advertising agencies or
ad-supported premium TV networks to place their ads on various digital media devices. However,
they  will  now have  the  option  of  installing  Clickable  TV moments  in  their  advertisements.
Advertisers will only pay for clicks or revenue-sharing according to agreements pre-arranged by
all parties (including MVPD providers, ad-supported TV networks, and other advertisers) through
the Across Platforms’ web portal. Most likely, advertisers will set a standard per click rate or
revenue-sharing rate for product sales throughout the Across Platforms’ ClickableTV™ network
of enabled MVPD, SVOD, and Virtual MVPD providers.
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL                                                                                  12




Across Platforms envisions a two-pronged approach to deploying its technology:
1.                                                                                                   LifehacksDRTV installations - Across Platforms will install its private-labelled twenty-
four hour a day video feed of popular direct response TV products (LifehacksDRTV™)
throughout the Across Platforms’ ClickableTV network of enabled MVPD, SVOD, and
Virtual MVPD providers. Its programming consists of infomercials and direct response ads
from some of the top DRTV advertisers in the United States  (and around the world)
including Guthy-Renker, Beachbody, Great HealthWorks, Ideal Living, Veggie Bullet, and
nearly 50 other companies. Today, LifehacksDRTV airs to 15 million people in Verizon
FiOS® subscriber homes (through four channels). Based upon current contracts, Across
Platforms estimates that the LifehacksDRTV platform will generate more than $1 Million
US during  2018 (equating to $250 million in gross profit to Across Platforms). These
LifehacksDRTV homes will likely be the first homes using our ClickableTV technology.
Across Platforms will earn twenty percent (20%) for originating and tracking the 24 hour a
day  DRTV  feed  from  LifehacksDRTV  ad-supported  programmers  and  advertisers
currently under contract. In some cases, MVPD providers are guaranteed a flat fee per
subscriber, or twenty percent (20%) of revenue, whichever is greater.
2.                                                                                                   ClickableTV installations - Across Platforms will install its clickable TV solution with
each MVPD, Virtual MVPD, or SVOD wishing to take advantage of its revolutionary
accountable digital media response detection system.
Once installed, the ClickableTV server will monitor the Ethereum token embedded in
digital media commercial and, as the viewer watches the ad-supported content  (using their
browser, tablet, or mobile phone) they can click on the ad to open a new tab or page (in the
browser, tablet, or mobile phone) in order to buy or research the advertiser’s offer. As Google
AdWords® functions, Across Platforms’ ClickableTV will capture the clickstream data and present
it in the advertiser’s portal. However, Across Platforms’ ClickableTV will also capture e-commerce
sales data, and share it with advertisers, providers, and programmers per their revenue-sharing
agreements with Across Platforms.
Today, LifehacksDRTV advertisers and providers are signing up for ClickableTV. Upon
closing of the ClickableTV ICO, the Company expects to announce a flurry of new arrangements.
Some LifehacksDRTV advertisers have agreed to revenue-share and will pay up to a $200 per
product commission  on sales achieved  through  the ClickableTV solution.  Across Platforms
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL                                                                               13




intends to include ClickableTV provisions in all its future agreements with advertisers, providers,
and TV ad-support programmers.
Ethereum tokens: Advertisers are concerned about new technologies that do not provide
the most secure methods available to protect their customer data. Since ClickableTV enables e-
commerce purchases from mobile phones, tablets, or browsers clicks, the potential exists for
security breaches that will leave customers vulnerable.
Ethereum is an important part of Across Platforms’ ClickableTV technology. Since Across
Platforms is a worldwide company, with worldwide aspirations, data security is paramount. Across
Platforms’  technology  takes  a  two-pronged  approach  to  safeguarding  advertisers  from  e-
commerce breaches. First by implementing smart contracts, the tokens embedded into digital
media  presentations  will not  be  linked  back  to the  advertiser’s  agreement  thus marketers’
campaigns remain confidential. Secondly, Across Platforms will act much like an Internet affiliated
marketing program, (like Fat Wallet® or Commission Junction®) since each ClickableTV token
will be deposited with an advertiser’s e-commerce website. Finally, within the Across Platforms
portal, the path of the token (through the provider and TV ad-supported programmer) will be
matched to e-commerce sales to determine return on investment (ROI), all enabled by Ethereum.
Across Platforms will also enable advertisers to sell their products, or pay for their click
data, with cryptocurrency. Our Company’s tokens, or other cryptocurrencies, can be redeemed at
the e-commerce level by viewers who access a ClickableTV server. This will provide two methods
for ClickableTV token holders to liquidate their tokens. They can either sell them on open
exchanges or use them to purchase goods and services through ClickableTV. As ClickableTV
tokens grow in value, token holders will increasingly have more purchasing power through
ClickableTV. As tokens are liquidated the supply will shrink. To aid this effort, Across Platforms
will sell ClickableTV tokens to consumers, as well as interested advertisers, during the ICO. The
company expects that within twelve months after the close of the ICO token holders will be able
to buy products using ClickableTV either regionally or nationally. Across Platforms anticipates
(but does not guarantee) that ClickableTV token holders will eventually be able to redeem their
tokens with both domestic and international advertisers. Participants in the token sale will be able
to follow press announcements regarding the progress of ClickableTV deployments in anticipation
of redeeming their ClickableTV tokens.
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL                                                                                 14




AN EXAMPLE:
A karate school may log onto Across Platforms’ website and locate a network running a
Karate Kid movie marathon, then buy a TV commercial from the network and upload the website
link to ClickableTV.
When a consumer clicks the karate school’s ClickableTV commercial, it will open the
school’s website in a new tab. If the commercial has a ClickableTV token providing discounts and
rebates, consumers can load those discounts and rebates into the school’s shopping cart and at
any time use the extra savings or use their token’s stored value toward the purchase of the karate
school’s products or services.
The clicks will be collected, the karate school will get new students, and fees will be
distributed through ClickableTV’s distributed ledger.
ClickableTV is the only technology that works in live and DVR ad-supported premium
content.
Across Platforms will sell tokens with stored value directly to consumers, or they can buy
them on an exchange. Across Platforms will use stored value from the community to create even
better deals. If a consumer holds a token, he or she will be entitled to its savings, discounts, and
rebates. Unlike other rewards programs, thanks to the power of the blockchain, there will be no
membership fees, no cancellation fees, and no restrictions on the transfer of tokens. If a token
retains any stored value, when a consumer no longer needs it, he or she will be free to sell the
token to whoever they wish or to send it back to Across Platforms for cash or cryptocurrency.
Across  Platforms  allows  advertisers  to  find  shows,  markets,  actors,  networks,  and
locations (worldwide) that have ClickableTV. Potential customers will be able to prepare media
buys (worldwide) using ClickableTV. Advertisers and media companies set their rates, not Across
Platforms. Advertisers will be able to calculate the ROI of ClickableTV and compare viewer
impressions/ratings.
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL                                                                                 15




ClickableTV Delivers on The Promises of Digital Integration
These logos are trademarks Registered in U.S. Patent and Trademark Office.
Based on responses, using Across Platforms’ technology, advertisers can update their
linked web pages during their television campaigns.
HOW IT WORKS:
ClickableTV™ links TV and direct response marketing across platforms:
1.  Advertisers need a tool to coordinate, update, and track their web pages that are linked to
TV commercials across all platforms.
2.  Advertisers can buy their television schedules through existing channels and partners. At
the same time, they will pay Across Platforms to link those same TV commercials to the
marketer’s own website.
3.  ClickableTV™ will help grow overall TV advertising billings.
ClickableTV™ Is the Next Generation of TV Advertising:
1.  ClickableTV can be integrated with premium video content and works in LIVE and DVR
environments.
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL                                                                            16




2.  Viewers can bookmark ads to their Favorites list after activation.
3.  Advertisers can use cross site tracking data to retarget viewers from activations.
Ethereum® allows Company to scale with security:
1.  Across Platforms’ private blockchain contains ClickableTV™ response data and media
plans.
2.  Across Platforms’ blockchain protects against unknown actors stealing advertisers’ media
buy plans and results.
3.  Across Platforms’ blockchain makes it easy for advertisers to buy ClickableTV anywhere
in the world.
HOW CLICKABLETV WORKS
Advertisers pay extra for viewer responses
By linking the token to the clickable moment, Ethereum ensures that advertisers are only
paying for their own advertising, and that they are in control of who sees their campaigns’ results.
Security will be policed by the token holder that acts as an encryption key for campaigns.
With  Ethereum,  advertisers  can  instantly  calculate  clickable  ad  rates.  Also,  through
encrypted tokens, worldwide advertisers can share results with their satellite offices, knowing their
data is safe and secure.
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL                                                                                  17




Advertisers can create complex advertising campaigns from one office or many offices
around the world. Through the blockchain, they can be assured that their data is secure no matter
how many employees review it.
The possibilities of an Ethereum ClickableTV campaign are endless. Television, what was
once an unaccountable media, suddenly becomes the most accountable medium of them all.
The ClickableTV token community performs an important security function, as the random
calculations of the blockchain guarantee an advertiser that they are only paying for what was
clicked.
The number of Across Platforms token sales will determine how many ClickableTV servers
will be available to cable companies for installation. The more tokens sold, the faster the Company
can install more systems, and the greater benefit to the community. In addition, as ClickableTV
server installations occur across the globe, a stable of worldwide advertisers will immediately
provide an economic payback to the token community.
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL                                                                                18




CLICKABLETV ETHEREUM TOKEN LIFE CYCLE
ClickableTV  Ethereum  tokens  will  first  be  used  to  promote  our  ICO  website.  ICO
directories pull data from Clickable TV tokens. Buyers can buy tokens directly from Across
Platforms. Buyers can sell their tokens on exchanges. All token sales are automatically recorded
on the Across Platforms Blockchain. Eventually consumers will be able to use tokens for rebates
and discounts From Across Platforms’ advertisers.
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL                                                                             19




CLICKABLETV™ SOLUTION (FUTURE POINT OF VIEW):
Across Platforms adds new revenue to an already large market:
1.  Advertisers will still pay their current media partners for viewer impressions
2.  Advertisers will pay a premium (using ClickableTV™) to gather viewer responses
3.  ClickableTV opens new ad units in live streaming ad-supported premium content
4.  Response data adds ROI to the advertiser’s viewer impressions dashboard
5.  Across Platforms creates a new revenue stream for programmers and content owners
ClickableTV™ is ready for a global audience
Across Platforms' target list reaches over one billion people
Pay Per Click TV's
potential by 2022 is
approximately one billion
subscribers worldwide
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL                                                                 20




ClickableTV’s Potential Is Over Three Billion People Worldwide
Pay TV Subscribers Worldwide
Source: Digital TV Research July 2017
Across Platforms Will Target Global Advertisers
PwC June 2016 forecasts global television advertising will reach $210 billion by 2020.
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL                                                                   21




COMPETATIVE ANALYSIS:
ClickableTV Is the Only Platform That Links Web Pages
and Measures Viewers Responses
These logos are trademarks Registered in U.S. Patent and Trademark Office.
ACROSS PLATFORMS’S DIGITAL PRODUCTS:
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL                                                       22




COMPANY REVENUE ESTIMATES:
Across  Platforms  generates  revenue  by  charging  advertisers  a  ten  percent                        (10%)
processing fee for handling the ClickableTV per click, or revenue-sharing arrangements in its
advertising campaigns. Across Platforms only earns ClickableTV revenue after ClickableTV
servers have been installed and activated at the digital media provider level.
Across Platforms estimates that it will take approximately nine months from the completion
of fundraising before the first ClickableTV server will be operational at the provider and TV ad-
supported level. After the first ClickableTV server is installed, the Company expects (but does not
guarantee) that it will take approximately four months for each additional server installation.
Across Platforms estimates thirty (30) ClickableTV servers (at a cost of $250,000 per server)
would have to be installed to reach 85 million United States TV households. The US MVPD TV
households reach approximately 250 million people with between 14 percent (14%) to 31 percent
(31%) watching some TV programming on mobile phones, tablets, or browsers. Once Clickable
TV  is  installed  and  operational,  the  main  expense  will  be  bandwidth  costs  incurred  when
presenting the website associated with the click. Across Platforms is also working with its longtime
partner in India, Bronzeagle, to offer ClickableTV to over 176 million TV homes in India.
After the initial ICO token sale Across Platforms will prepare a stock sale available only to
accredited  investors.  The  Company,  and  its  employees  and  advisors,  will  derive  their
compensation primarily through the stock performance of Across Platforms.
Across Platforms will also reserve up to 70 percent (70%) of tokens for future token sales
to modulate the value of the tokens. As consumers purchase the Clickable tokens on open
exchanges, the tokens may or may not have stored value that can be redeemed for goods and
services from ClickableTV advertisers. The value of the tokens will most likely be established by
the perceived savings that may be earned by using the ClickableTV tokens to purchase goods
and services when compared to the list price of these goods and services when purchased using
currency.  Essentially  ClickableTV  tokens  will  be  a  way  to  reward  token  holders  for  either
participating in the ICO or for purchasing the token on the secondary market. As the demand for
the tokens increases, the perceived value of the ClickableTV consumer savings may outpace the
cost of the tokens.
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL                                                                                   23




Across Platforms will keep future tokens in reserve so that it may sell them on open
exchanges if the Company needs to increase its liquidity to meet financial obligation to advertisers
when the Company completes ClickableTV token redemptions.
In cases where the token book value outpaces the value of the savings, Across Platforms
may wish to reduce the supply of tokens. Also, Across Platforms may issue more tokens from its
reserve at the token price set through open exchanges and keep the cryptocurrency proceeds in
its treasury for future token redemptions.
In cases where the perceived consumer savings is low, compared to the token price,
Across Platforms may redeem tokens, without creating new ones. Essentially, Across Platforms
will create a marketplace where token holders establish the value of the tokens based on
cryptocurrency fluctuations, and then use this buying power to buy goods or services on the
ClickableTV platform.
More deployments of ClickableTV, and the addition of new advertisers, will alter the cost-
benefit relationship between the savings perceived and token prices. The Company expects that
its success will be tied to a perceived high savings metric, token liquidity, and the expectation that
consumers will want to be able to purchase the stored value of the ClickableTV savings and then
redeem, hold, or dispose of their tokens as they choose. Advertisers may wish to access the
stored value of the token holders by providing additional savings to active consumers. Essentially,
Across  Platforms  will  create  a  discounted  buyers’  club  that  benefits  both  consumers  and
advertisers. Consumers will join or leave the buyers’ club through the Ethereum blockchain. In
addition, discounts will grow the larger as the buyers’ club grows. The Company will not use its
token repository for employee or contractor rewards.
Currently, Across Platforms operates as a Massachusetts S-corporation. It will very likely
convert to C-corporation when and if it creates and registers a stock offering with the SEC under
Rule 506(c) for accredited investors. While Across Platforms may include the trailing token value
and  liquidity in  its financial statements, beyond  being  an indicator of the  popularity of the
ClickableTV “buyers’ club,” it will have no impact on the financials of the Company.
The  Company  believes  that  it  will  deploy  LifehacksDRTV  branded  DRTV  channels
followed  by  ClickableTV  installations.  Once  ClickableTV  installations  are  completed,  the
Company will expand ClickableTV™ beyond LifehacksDRTV™ and its channels to potentially
well over 100 broadcast and cable networks that do not carry LifehacksDRTV, on each of the
provider’s channel lineups. As more people watch TV on their mobile phones, tablets, and
browsers then ClickableTV revenue will grow.
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL                                                                                   24




CLICKABLETV™ SYSTEMS’ PLATFORM FOR TV ADVERTISERS:
These logos are trademarks Registered in U.S. Patent and Trademark Office
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL                                                      25




CLICKABLETV™ SYSTEMS’ OVERVIEW OF INSTALLATION:
Across Platforms will have to install a server with each cable company to him initiate the
token exchange that creates ClickableTV. The ClickableTV blockchain technology dictates that
advertiser  results  are unlocked through the  combination  of  tokens  and  the  encrypted key,
ensuring privacy and security for both the consumer's data and advertiser's results.
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL                                                                             26




INSTALLATION COSTS PER TV EVERYWHERE AND VIRTUAL MVPD COMPANY:
No additional development costs, except for each MSO's proprietary video player app.
About the same for Comcast Xfinity, Charter Spectrum, etc. as for FiOS which is:
1.  FiOS TV over PC DMRD (Direct Media Response Detection) Integration w/ Browser (App
plug-in). For example, 3 Months / $60K
2.    FiOS TV over Mobile  Device DMRD (Direct Media Response Detection) Integration
w/Mobile App (App Enhancement). For example, 4 Months / $80K or about $140K per
MSO.
Comcast may be a bit higher because of the complexity of their apps, approximately would
budget                                                                                                $200K  per  MSO.  The  monthly  operational  costs  would  be  higher,  of  course.  A
conservative estimate is that each MSO would be the same as FiOS:
1.  Additional $60K per MSO per month (in year 1 of launch) as a budget and use year 1
actuals and take rate projections to adjust for years 2, 3, and on.
DATA SECURITY IN CLICKABLE TV™ SYSTEM:
Across Platforms gathers data across many platforms and does not require any set top
box  or  location  data  from  cable  partners.  Across  Platforms  does  not  disclose  personally
identifiable information (PII) Data. Location data is only captured when the advertiser sends back
zip codes, referrer codes (linking media outlet), and sale amounts. Across Platforms does not
gather any household data.
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL                                                                                27




Across Platforms Does Not Disclose PII Data
If MVPD providers provide set top box data, Across Platforms can determine precisely
where clicks come from. Without viewer location information, sales performance reports will not
include click locations.
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL                                                                            28




ABOUT THE FOUNDER AND PRIMARY INVENTOR:
Michael Kokernak, founder of Across Platforms, Inc. Awarded four United States patents
with more expected, (as well as a UK patent), for inventions related to across platform,
broadcast TV advertising, and clickable television. Ten additional patent applications are still
pending in TV space. Two patent applications filed for the ClickableTV technology.
Publisher of "Subchannel Report" which is the television industry's only newsletter that
tracks the growth in networks deployed by broadcast television. Reaches approx. 29,000
different people in the TV, investment, advertising, and trade press each week.
Published commentator in trade magazines (200+ articles) concerning the digital
transition and new revenue opportunities for broadcast and cable.
Kokernak’s previous company, Backchannelmedia, billed $38 Million over the life of the
business and raised $18 Million in outside investments.
At Backchannelmedia, he launched over-the-air broadcast interactive TV trial to 100
homes on May 1, 2008 in Boston, Manchester NH, Providence, and Hartford. Deployment
agreements secured with approx. 100 U.S. television stations. Technology launched on Knology
cable systems in the South with major broadcast group partners.
Profiled in feature articles in BusinessWeek, New York Times, Boston Globe, Advertising
Age, Boston Herald and about 150 to 300 additional publications. TV news media coverage in
Boston, Montgomery, and Providence.
ABOUT THE COMPANY:
Across Platforms, Inc. was founded in 2010. Across Platforms, Inc.
(www.acrossplatforms.com), located in Boston, is a television services firm that provides
consulting, distribution, content licensing, and application development services to marketers
and programmers. Across Platforms’ key highlights are that it helps content owners and
advertisers increase their video presence across all platforms and countries. The company built
LifehacksDRTV™ and soon will deploy its ClickableTV™ system. The Company strives to
maintain a television industry database, allowing it to provide proprietary insights to our
customers. The company shares its knowledge with over 20,000 subscribers to the Subchannel
Report and MVPD Metrics Report newsletters. The Company has generated over $3.7 million in
billings and fees since inception.
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL                                                                             29





