Jarvis.Exchange
Unlocking decentralization
Andrew Anderson                                                                                           Pascal Tallarida
CTA, cofounder                                                                                            CEO, cofounder
“Even as we enter one of the most disruptive eras in human history, one of the biggest challenges
we face is that today’s systems and structures still live on, past their expiration dates. We are
locked into twentieth-century approaches that are holding back the next big fundamental shifts in
human capacity.” From Future Strong by Bill Jensen.
The Jarvis Exchange infrastructure has been designed to circumvent the problems of these legacy
systems and unlock the future!
ABSTRACT
When decentralized technologies are applied to personal finance they enable new features and
deliver solutions that are not possible with traditional Fintech. Jarvis is designed to drive large
scale adoption of these technologies by improving how users can manage their funds, trade, and
invest.
Jarvis  allows  users  to build  their  own financial hub using the Jarvis  Exchange Technology
Framework. This framework includes licensed centralized and semi-decentralized exchanges with
a  multiple  wallet  structure  with  escrow  functions.    The  technology  connects  and  makes
interoperable a network of centralized and decentralized liquidity pools and protocols that enable
instant cross-chain and cross-asset class exchanges. This interoperability provides users access to
any financial market and a wide range of DApps. Within the framework, user’s assets can be stored
in a centralized or decentralized way and be utilized as a medium of exchange or of payment, as
collateral, or contribute to a liquidity pool. To ensure a seamless experience, the Jarvis technology
automates every process needed for exchanges, transfers, trading, loans and payments.
Users can customize their wallet to build the financial hub that best fits their needs. Through user-
friendly interfaces users can leverage from the framework capabilities. They can manage their
funds and assets, trade and invest on both digital and traditional products. They can link their assets
to  a  payment  gateway,  lend  or  borrow  money  and  access  DApps  to  further  extend  their
possibilities. The intuitive user experience is complemented by AI with conversation skills which
can prevent users from making mistakes, answer their questions, and help users make better
decisions while making it easier to navigate within their personal ecosystem.
The Jarvis exchange technology framework is supported through the Jarvis Reward Token (JRT)
which provides holders private access to the Jarvis DAO which purpose includes the distribution
of multiple revenue streams among token holders.
Copyright 2018 Jarvis Exchange                                                                            Page 1




1.                                                             Introduction                                                                                         are not familiar with, the system should be empowering
                                                                                                                                                                    to  all  levels  of  users.  This  is  done  by  easing  the
The value that Blockchain and other distributed ledger                                                                                                              management of private keys. Outdated processes such as
technologies can deliver is much greater than the value                                                                                                             writing down the seed phrase for a wallet will not foster
currently being derived from the mere speculation on                                                                                                                large-scale adoption. Several technologies can help to
digital  assets.  Unfortunately  this  incredible  value  is                                                                                                        securely store, encrypt, and retrieve users keys in a user-
difficult to access by mainstream users who are not as                                                                                                              friendly way equal to the user experience of centralized
tech  savvy  in  comparison  with  most  cryptocurrency                                                                                                             solutions. User-centric also means providing users the
enthusiasts.  The systemic lack of user friendly, publicly                                                                                                          choice between the wallet keys being self-managed or
accessible interfaces to blockchain technologies makes                                                                                                              managed by a trusted third party.  Delegating the storage
it near impossible for mainstream users to see or use the                                                                                                           of  the  private  keys  does  not  necessarily  require
value the technology can deliver.  The result is that most                                                                                                          centralization, as there are many ways this can be done
people  just  see                                                                                                           “blockchain”  through  the  viewpoint   in a decentralized way. Private keys could be broken
provided by media about Bitcoin and its speculative                                                                                                                 apart and dispersed across several trustable entities to
bubble. To move the technology from speculation to                                                                                                                  retrieve them easily in case of  loss  while remaining
utility where billions of people will be able to derive                                                                                                             highly secured when stored.
direct value from it, requires the development of  an
entire  ecosystem  that  is  driven  by  a  user-centric                                                                                                            At Jarvis, maintaining this user-centric focus has led to
approach.                                                                                                                                                           the adoption of a progressive semi-decentralized process
that sets aside many of the existing narratives regarding
decentralization.   The Jarvis team has reviewed how it
can leverage from both centralized and decentralized
1.1. User centric approach
                                                                                                                                                                    components and technology.  This interoperability of all
                                                                                                                                                                    systems  is  vital  because  it  will  allow  for  greater
Well  established  Fintech  companies  like  Acorns,
                                                                                                                                                                    scalability  and  a  smoother  path  to  decentralization
Revolut or Robinhood have fostered a large user base by
                                                                                                                                                                    through  several steps.    An  additional benefit  to this
delivering user-centric onboarding processes, low fees,
                                                                                                                                                                    approach is that it helps ensure greater compliance and
user-friendly interfaces, and usually having a mobile-
                                                                                                                                                                    compatibility with existing legacy financial systems and
first strategy. Their success has shown that with a good
                                                                                                                                                                    regulations.
user  experience,  users  are  ready  to  embrace  new
practices and are open to be more connected to their
                                                                                                                                                                    By combining both  on-chain and  off-chain solutions
finances. Unfortunately, the underlying legacy systems
                                                                                                                                                                    Jarvis  makes  available  technology  that  provides  a
upon which most of these offerings are built greatly limit
                                                                                                                                                                    superior experience and greater benefits to users than
options for these applications. It is not possible to buy
                                                                                                                                                                    centralized  technology  alone.  Currently  some  of  the
stock on Robinhood from an Acorns account; neither
                                                                                                                                                                    centralized solutions still remain more cost effective for
can one send funds from an N26 user to a Revolut one;
                                                                                                                                                                    users.   However, it is expected that as various scaling
nor is it possible to borrow money with Upstart from an
                                                                                                                                                                    and side change solutions continue to improve, the cost
Amazon account. Yet all of these scenarios would be
                                                                                                                                                                    and  efficiency  of  these  solutions  will  also  improve
possible through the use of various distributed ledger
                                                                                                                                                                    accordingly and surpass the cost and speed benefits of
technologies.                                                  At  their  core  many                                        “Blockchain”
centralized solutions.
technologies could be considered as being user-centric
in  the  sense  that  they  allow  the  building  of  an
interoperable  financial  ecosystem  centered  around
users. Even more amazing are the many use cases that           1.2. The Jarvis value proposition
this technology can make possible. This includes giving
                                                               This  user-centric  approach  has  driven  the  whole
access to almost all financial services and markets of the
                                                               development of Jarvis. The goal has been to set the user
world through a single user account.
                                                               at the center of their financial ecosystem, and to make
Being  user-centric  implies  putting  all  effort  towards    this  ecosystem  as  easy  to  use  as  any  centralized
improving the usability of the technology. It requires         application.
automating and unifying the underlying processes on the
                                                               On the backend, a centralized and a semi-decentralized
backend in order deliver a frontend which allows users
                                                               exchange will leverage from a network of centralized
to derive value from it without effort. The current state
                                                               and decentralized liquidity pools as well as from escrow
of blockchain is the opposite of this due to the many
                                                               and  collateralization  type  functions.  This  technology
difficult or time consuming processes which need to be
                                                               framework helps Jarvis to facilitate and automate all the
performed manually.   The current interfaces and many
                                                               complicated and visible processes behind the transfer,
steps result in a poor Blockchain experience, which is
                                                               exchange, trading, and payment of digital assets. It also
confining the technology to a “speculative playground”.
                                                               helps to simplify private key management to deliver a
Rather than forcing new users to begin doing things they
                                                               smooth  user  experience.  This  structure  will  ease  a
Copyright 2018 Jarvis Exchange                                 Page 2




variety of different types of transactions such as sending    architecture allows users to leverage from various on-
Bitcoin to an Ethereum address; exchanging Bitcoin for        chain and off-chain exchanges, protocols, applications
Apple stocks; trading Forex from a Litecoin deposit;          and liquidity.    This structure also provides users the
paying a bill with Monero; or accessing a DApp without        choice of managing their assets and data in a centralized
                                                              or decentralized way with just one click.
having the correct amount of required tokens.
                                                              The centralized exchange will be launched first and will
On  the  frontend,  most  aspects  of  the  underlying
                                                              then   be  followed   by  the   launch   of   the  Semi-
technologies  will  be  delivered  in  a  simplified  user
                                                              decentralized exchange.   After both have been launched
interface that does not require understanding of how the
                                                              the two exchanges will coexist at the same time and will
technology works. An AI with conversational skills will
                                                              share  some  components  like  the  off-chain  matching
further help users  to prevent  mistakes  and  will ease
                                                              engine, and features like margin trading. Initially the
access to features, data, and provides a new way to
                                                              centralized exchange will provide users more features
interact with software.                                       and  functionalities  due  to  its  ability  to  be  easily
                                                              compliant   with   existing   regulations   and   legacy
As a result, Jarvis provides users an easier and faster       technology.   However, it is expected that as regulations
way to build their own decentralized and interoperable        and   technologies   continue   to   evolve,   the   semi-
financial hub. With a simple deposit within their wallet,     decentralized exchange will acquire more features and
they could immediately access native services such as         traction than the centralized one.
trading, lending, and external services such as betting,
payment  and  more  through  partners’  decentralized
applications.
2.1. Centralized exchange technologies
The future of finance will be split between the evolution
                                                              The centralized exchange will be the first part of the
of the current centralized system built around traditional
                                                              framework to be delivered.   This was done to facilitate
actors, and an open-source, distributed, decentralized,       the  fiat  gateway  and  to  ensure  compatibility  with
automated and tokenized one built around users. Jarvis        existing regulations and legacy financial systems.
will be an important player of decentralized finance and
will  enable  everyone  to  build  their  own  financial      2.1.1.                                                        On-demand infinite scalability
ecosystem  with  a  superior  value  proposition  when
                                                              The ability to provide unlimited scaling is vital. The
compared to traditional finance.
exchange framework, matching engine, messaging bus,
and various components have been built to allow for a
primarily decentralized but extremely scalable backend
infrastructure. This infrastructure framework allows any
2.                                                            Exchange architecture
                                                                                                                            part or component of the system to be expanded and
                                                                                                                            provided more resources both generally or specifically.
To  date  there  are  already  hundreds  of  different
                                                                                                                            This way the additional resources can be allocated to any
exchanges  and  protocols  with  new  solutions  being
                                                                                                                            specific  component  such  as   a  matching  engine,
launched all the time. A new offering might highlight
                                                                                                                            messaging bus, or they can be allocated based on another
their scalability, security, decentralized structure, the
                                                                                                                            parameter  such  as  be  pair  specific  so  as  to provide
number of assets listed, or their user-friendly interfaces
                                                                                                                            additional resources specifically for the for BTC pair,
as their value proposition. The Jarvis Exchanges will
                                                                                                                            ETH pair etc. depending on the needs.
follow these best practices and even deliver more. It is
important to note that this is possible because the Jarvis
                                                                                                                            All parts of the system can also be divided and expanded
exchanges  and the technology framework have been
                                                                                                                            into  sub  components.     This  framework  allows  for
built from the ground-up because no other exchange was
                                                                                                                            theoretical infinite scalability of all these parts as long
capable  of  providing  the  backend  and  infrastructure
                                                                                                                            as  they  are  provided  with  the  correct  hardware
needed to fulfill our user-centric vision.  Other solutions
                                                                                                                            resources.  The  exchange  structure  has  also  been
were not capable of enough flexibility to keep up with
                                                                                                                            designed so that any component can replicate itself and
the rapidly changing technologies and regulations
                                                                                                                            expand  the  load  distribution  automatically  to  other
                                                                                                                            available hardware resources. This scaling structure can
While the underlying architecture has been designed
                                                                                                                            be  implemented  at  both  macro  and  micro  levels  to
without the restraints of the existing financial systems,
                                                                                                                            optimize performance to the highest level through “On
it is clear that in order to maximize the functionalities,
                                                                                                                            Demand Scaling” and planned load balancing.  This load
provide the greatest range of assets, and facilitate both
                                                                                                                            distribution structure has also been designed so that key
technical  and  legal  compatibility  with  the  existing
                                                                                                                            components are located directly with or very near the
financial systems, there will initially need to be many
                                                                                                                            user and not the exchange to increase security and allow
components which are centralized in nature.
                                                                                                                            for superior scalability.
As a result, the Jarvis technology framework provides
                                                                                                                            2.1.2.                                                        Distributed servers and decentralized
the seamless interoperability of centralized and semi-
                                                                                                                                                                                          load resource structure
decentralized  exchanges  which  are  united  through  a
single frontend and interoperable backend. This unique
                                                              Copyright 2018 Jarvis Exchange                                                                                                                                      Page 3




Other aspects have been designed to further support a         such  as  peer-to-peer  trading  or  triggering  a  loan     -
network load of tens of millions of simultaneous users.       referred as collateral credit - used for margin trading as
This includes but is not limited to having a decentralized    example.  Depending  on  the  currency  and  associated
load resource structure where user specific information       protocol that is being used the way escrow function will
is stored both by the user on their device as well as on
                                                              work will slightly differ. Locking assets in an escrow
encrypted  servers  which  are  distributed  around  the
                                                              can be done directly within the margin wallet using a
world with commercially available solutions including
                                                              multi-signature transaction (for BTC, LTC etc.), or by
Amazon Web Services and Microsoft Azure, as well as
                                                              using smart contracts connected through API (Figure 1. 1)
decentralized  storage  solutions.  With  this  distributed
                                                              (ETH,  NEO  etc.),  or  directly by calling the  locking
and decentralized structure, historical data can easily be
                                                              function when the crypto or the token has this features
made available to the users from “Geo-Local” servers.
                                                              in their code (like EOS).
If the ultimate level of privacy is desired, users can set
their data settings to only be stored on and accessed from
their own devices.
2.1.3.                                                        Matching engine and messaging bus
Current testing has shown the matching engine able to
sustain prolonged periods requiring more than 5 million
transactions per second. A single messaging bus has
easily delivered just under  1 million transactions per
second when not optimized and is expected to almost
double  the  capacity  after  further  optimizations  are
completed.     Should any negative performance appear
due to reaching a component capacity it is possible to
subdivide or create multiple matching engines and/or                                                                                     Figure 1. Process flow to issue collateral credit
messaging buses. For example; if it was expected, or
needed  for  the  system  load  to  reach                                                                                  10  million   One of the use cases of the escrow type function is to
transactions  per  second  it  can  be  easily  distributed                                                                              issue  collateral  credit                                        (Figure   1.).  When  assets  are
between additional matching engines.    This dynamic                                                                                     requested to be locked (Figure 1. 2), it triggers a collateral
scalability can be set to occur well in advance of any                                                                                   credit  within the liquidity network  (Figure  1.  3) for a
limits or closer to when they would be reached.
                                                                                                                                         percentage of the value of the asset.  The credit could be
                                                                                                                                         issued  in  the  same  asset  or  different  asset  as  the
2.1.4.                                                        Wallet structure
                                                                                                                                         collateral,  depending  on  the  needs  of  the  user.  The
                                                                                                                                         amount of collateral credit and the fees associated may
Three wallets coexist within the centralized exchange.
                                                                                                                                         vary  according  to  the  liquidity  and  volatility  of  the
The non-custodial wallet is the main wallet where user’s
                                                                                                                                         collateral. For example, by setting 1 BTC as collateral,
funds are deposited and withdrawn. It can hold both fiat
                                                                                                                                         users can get collateral credit in BTC or in USD or
and digital currencies. Funds in this wallet can be moved
to the sub-wallets in the exchange structure. Whenever                                                                                   others asset, minus a premium fee. They will obtain 1
                                                                                                                                         BTC (Figure 1. 4) or up to 50% of the Bitcoin value in
a  user  would  like  to  trade,  funds  are  automatically
                                                                                                                                         dollar (Figure 1. 5). To ensure that all loans are always
moved to the non-margin or to the margin wallet.
                                                                                                                                         sufficiently collateralized, an off-chain margin monitor
The non-margin wallet only allows exchange of crypto,                                                                                    (Figure 1. 6) is always checking the relative value of the
tokens, assets, and stocks with a 1:1 leverage ratio. An                                                                                 collateral. Should the value of the collateralized asset
exchange consists of directly transferring the ownership                                                                                 drop below the required level, the margin monitor will
of an asset for another one. The majority of the funds                                                                                   automatically trigger a margin call which could be to
held in this wallet are secured in cold storage.                                                                                         end the loan partially or completely. This action will be
                                                                                                                                         in accordance with the user’s preferences and settings.
The margin  wallet  allows  for  the margin  trading of
digital assets and traditional products such as Forex. A                                                                                 When a loan is ended, users will pay back the loan with
margin trade consists of depositing funds as margin to                                                                                   the  designated  interest.    If  the  user  no  longer  has
gain access to a loan - the leverage. The deposit can be                                                                                 sufficient funds to cover the loan amount and interest
done in fiat or any asset and will be locked in a multi-                                                                                 then a percentage of the collateralize asset will be sold
signature escrow to generate a collateral credit utilized                                                                                to cover the remaining amount of unpaid interest.
for trading.
2.1.5.                                                        Escrow type functions for margin
                                                              trading
Several wallets within the Jarvis ecosystem are capable
of providing escrow function to serve several purpose
                                                              Copyright 2018 Jarvis Exchange                                                                                                                        Page 4




2.2.1.                                                        Wallet structure
The semi-decentralized exchange uses a custodial wallet
which is a multi-signature capable hot wallet used to
manage users' assets in a decentralized way.
Like the margin wallet it has an escrow type function
which allows to collateralize assets and gain access to
collateral credit, but, more precisely, allows peer-to-peer
trading.
2.2.2.                                                        Escrow type function for peer-to-peer
trading
Figure 2. Margin trading on the Forex market.
Regarding margin trading on the Forex market (Figure 2),
if users cannot or do not want to deposit fiat, they can
either sell some assets for fiat, or they can trigger a
collateral credit in dollar based on a portion of their
portfolio holdings. The collateral credit will be placed
within  an  account  opened  with  a  liquidity  provider
(Figure 2. 1). The credit gives the users access to trade
Forex  with  leverage.  The  available  leverage  will
                                                              compensate for a smaller amount of collateralization. If                                                           Figure 3. Use of escrow for peer-to-peer trading.
                                                              a profit  occurs, it  will be converted from dollars  to
                                                              Bitcoin and sent to the users’ wallet (Figure 2. 2); if a loss                                                     When performing a peer-to-peer exchange, (Figure 3.) the
                                                              happens, it would be covered by selling part of the users’                                                         custodial wallet utilizes the escrow type function. When
                                                              Bitcoins  for  dollar  and  settling  this  with  the  lender                                                      a user would like to place either a market or pending
                                                                                                                                                                                 order, funds will remain in the user’s or counterparty’s
(Figure                                                       1.                                                               3).  The  collateral  credit  process  will  be
                                                                                                                                                                                 wallet but will become locked (Figure 3. 1). The funds will
                                                              automated and simple and make it easy to trade on Forex
                                                                                                                                                                                 remain in this holding state until a trade is placed and
                                                              with any assets. For other margin trading product such
                                                                                                                                                                                 matched by the off-chain matching engine or the user
                                                              as CFD or cryptocurrencies, the mechanism remains the
                                                                                                                                                                                 requests the funds to be released back to the wallet when
same.
no  trade  takes  place  or  when  a  timeout  function
implemented by the user is reached. Following a trade
match, the trade information is sent to the settlement
engine which sends the request to release the locked
2.2. Semi-Decentralized Exchange
                                                              funds  from  escrow  (Figure  3.  2)  into  the  correlating
Technologies
                                                              blockchain (Figure 3. 3). Peer-to-peer exchanges can be
                                                              done with any assets provided by the liquidity network.
Essentially  the  Semi-Decentralized  Exchange  is  a
                                                              Some crypto assets will be able to be exchanged without
hybrid system which delivers most of what centralized
                                                              any KYC, while some assets such as stocks will require
and decentralized exchanges have to offer.   The order
                                                              the user to have completed KYC.
book technology, matching engine, and several other
parts of the centralized structure are reused within the
                                                              We will be using some side-chain protocols which allow
semi-centralized structure but will remain off-chain to
                                                              for the delayed settlement of trading. There are a wide
ensure the highest performance and lowest fees as well
                                                              range of use cases when such functionality could be
as to facilitate complex and various orders types. With
                                                              helpful.  For  example,  a  trader  would  like  to  make
this structure the trade settlement will be on-chain, and
                                                              multiple  trades  over  a  short  period  of  time  without
users will maintain control of their private keys  and
                                                              having to settle each trade, but rather have one single on-
custody of their funds and data for increased security,
                                                              chain settlement for the group of trades. This results in
privacy   and   flexibility.   In   addition,   the   semi-
                                                              lower fees for the user and less burden on the network.
decentralized  exchange  allows  for  trading  without
account or KYC in a purely anonymous way.
Copyright 2018 Jarvis Exchange                                Page 5




would only be required if the user decides to use the fiat
gateway functionality, or to trade on assets on some
2.2.3.                                                         Collateral credit and margin trading   external  liquidity pool  that  requires  KYC  like  those
                                                                                                      providing Forex or Stocks (non-tokenized); or to move
When  margin  trading,  the  wallet  is  capable  of
                                                                                                      funds into the centralized exchange.
collateralizing  assets  through  the  same  mechanism
described  in  the  centralized  exchange.  The  primary                                              To further enhance the privacy of this exchange other
difference between the solutions is the asset custody                                                 features such as coin mixing will be facilitated through
structure and the requirement for some assets to only be                                              3rd party technologies.   These features and technologies
traded by users who have passed a  KYC procedure.                                                     are  already available  for  many top  cryptocurrencies.
After completing KYC, users of the semi-decentralized                                                 These matching technologies have often been designed
exchange, will be able to trade Forex and a wide range                                                to  break  apart  and  restructure  trade  requests  into
of CFDs.                                                                                              alternate sizes, match the trades, and then re-structure
                                                                                                      the trades back into one confirmation for the end user.
2.2.4.                                                         On-chain settlement
                                                                                                      This and other obfuscation technologies are expected to
                                                                                                      be utilized as much as possible to allow the users to have
In   contrast   to   the   centralized   exchange   where
                                                                                                      a  truly  private  decentralized  trading  experience.  On
transactions  happen  off-chain,  the semi-decentralized
                                                                                                      some protocols and digital assets it is anticipated that
exchange  transactions  will  be  settled  on-chain.  The
                                                                                                      this type of technology will not be utilized initially but
blockchains processing time will be improved through
                                                                                                      will be utilized as soon as legally or technically feasible.
side chain or other scaling technologies. Currently there
are  many  scaling  solutions  being  tested  on  live
Blockchain networks which will allow for some creative
ways to resolve some of these problems. Solutions such
as atomic swaps, the Lightning or Raiden networks, as
well as independent scaling solutions such as Bancor,                                                 3.                                                             Wallet framework
Kyber network, or  0x could be creatively utilized to
address liquidity and speed issues. Different blockchains                                             One  of  the  key  features  of  the  Jarvis  technology
will require the utilization of different scaling solutions                                           framework is its wallet structures. There are multiple
and so the result will be a mix of external protocols and
                                                                                                      wallets in order to help reduce risk, comply with various
scaling   solutions   working   together   through   the
                                                                                                      regulations, provide the choice between self and third-
interoperable framework.
party custody of funds and data, and to facilitate features
such as escrow and collateralization functions.
2.2.5.                                                         Cross-chain exchange
By providing the escrow logic within the wallet it allows
users  to  perform  cross-chain  transactions  between
                                                                                                      3.1. Collateralization functions
chains that support functionalities such as time locks,
smart contracts, multi-signature dependent actions, etc.
                                                                                                      Within the Jarvis technology framework, several of the
The settlement engine acts as a coordinator between the
                                                                                                      different wallets allow for multi-signature escrow type
different chains and communicates to the wallet when
                                                                                                      functions and the creation of collateralized credit for
and to whom to release the funds.   The funds could be
released  either  back  to  the  user’s  wallet  or  to  the                                          users.  The  escrow  functionality  enables  peer-to-peer
counterparty.   In   the   future,   protocols   enabling                                             trading as well as margin trading as has been previously
blockchain interoperability such as Polkadot, Cosmos or                                               mentioned, but this technology can go far beyond these
the  Komodo  technology  might  be  used  to  further                                                 simple use cases.
facilitate different types of cross-chain transactions.
                                                                                                      Collateralization will help eliminate the existing need of
2.2.6.                                                         Enable off-chain trust                 specific FIAT or Crypto currency deposits in order to
                                                                                                      trade most assets or perform a task.  The collateralization
To provide trust within the centralized components, an
                                                                                                      allows users to leverage from the underlying value of
audit of some off-chain components such as the order
                                                                                                      digital assets and utilize them as reserve of value.
book will be performed every 30 minutes and published
on the Ethereum blockchain. The audit feature will be
                                                                                                      Collateralization makes possible the instant transfer of
outlined later in the whitepaper (section 12).
                                                                                                      assets  in  a  decentralized  way,  and  provides  a  very
2.2.7.                                                         Enhanced Privacy and Security          similar user experience as a centralized solution.   The
                                                                                                      use of escrow type functions to deliver the collateral
The primary reasons for some users to select the semi-                                                credit allows funds to be instantly exchanged off-chain
decentralized  exchange  compared  to  a  centralized                                                 within the liquidity network.
option is that there is not a need for KYC for most crypto
transactions and that users are able to retain the keys to
their wallet.   If a user stays in crypto only mode it is
possible to enable full privacy and anonymity. KYC
Copyright 2018 Jarvis Exchange                                 Page 6




(Figure 5.) Within Jarvis, users can manage their assets in
a centralized or decentralized way. According to the
user’s preference, their funds would be stored within one
of two different wallet types; custodial or non-custodial.
A custodial wallet  (Figure 5. 1) can be located on the
user’s  phone,  computer,  external  hardware  storage
device, or web browser widget like Metamask.    This
type  of  wallet  gives  the  user  access  to  the  semi-
decentralized exchange which will not require KYC for
most  products  and  features.     This  wallet  will  be
integrated with partners Dapps  (Figure  5.  2) to further
extend options and possibilities being provided to the
users. A non-custodial wallet is the primary wallet type
for the centralized exchange (Figure 5. 3). This wallet type
requires the user to complete KYC and the private keys
will be held or managed securely by a trusted third party.
Figure 4. Payment gateway from custodial wallet.
                                                               By  the  mean  of  a  button,  users  can  switch  from
                                                               centralized to decentralized mode and their funds are
Collateralization  makes  it  possible  to  use  instant
                                                               automatically sent to the respective wallets. Whatever
payment solutions directly in the custodial wallet (Figure
                                                               the chosen mode is, users can move their funds to three
4.).    Users can trigger a loan  (Figure  4.  1) within the
                                                               others wallet which delivers specific use cases.
liquidity network which is connected to the payment
gateway (Figure 4. 2). The Bitcoin would be immediately        The holding wallet (Figure 5. 4) is a highly-secured vault
exchanged for USD (Figure 4. 3) which can then be used         and an alternative to self-managed cold storage. While
in the payment gateway using a debit card or contactless       the  highest  level  of  security  of  funds  is  generally
technology  on  the  users  Smartphone.  Following  the        considered to be for the user to put their funds in cold
initiation of the payment, the Bitcoin will be released        storage, the holding wallet provides an additional level
from escrow and sent back to the lender (Figure 4. 4). This    of security compared to most other wallet options. A
settlement transaction happens on-chain. This feature          user who would like to secure his assets can select from
makes it possible to use any asset to pay anything in Fiat.    the services of an external partner company to put their
holdings in an audited cold storage solution. From a user
perspective, it would only require to click a button to
move a desire percentage of an asset from any wallet to
3.2. Multiple wallet structure
the holding one. The transfer will be according to the
block time and network load.
The lending wallet (Figure 5. 5) allows users to lock their
funds in an escrow to participate in the internal liquidity
network; they can choose to lock their funds for the
payment gateway, for the margin trading or transaction
within the network and will receive several rewards such
as transaction fees as well as premium. From a user
perspective,  they  will  access  to  a  specific  interface
where they can loan to the liquidity network and place a
desired percentage of their assets. Funds will be moved
automatically to this wallet, and the earnings will be sent
either in the main exchange wallet or in the personal
wallet.
The spending wallet (Figure 5. 6) will allow funds to be
accessible for spending by the Jarvis debit card, partner
debit card, or directly on the users mobile phone using
NFC technology. This wallet will need to be different
from the previous wallets to ensure compliance with
existing  regulations.     This  will  also  allow  for  the
functionality to  lock  exchange  rates  for  holdings  on
Figure 5. Multiple wallet workflow.
some  blockchains.    It  is  expected  that  many  of  the
functions and capabilities of this wallet will be greatly
Copyright 2018 Jarvis Exchange                                 Page 7




enhanced  or  supported  through  collaboration  with          The pools are connected through credit line. The Jarvis
partners. No action is needed from a user perspective as       liquidity network can be accessible by both centralized
funds  are  automatically  sent  to  this  wallet  when  a     and  semi-decentralized  exchange.  However,  some
payment is needed. Transfer between the custodial and          liquidity providers require that KYC checks have been
                                                               completed on clients accessing their liquidity.      The
non-custodial wallet to the spending one are instant and
                                                               aggregator technology to allow some of the liquidity to
happen off-chain through the liquidity network.
                                                               be  aggregated  externally  and  other  liquidity  to  be
                                                               aggregated internally so that the various liquidity pools
Despite having multiple wallets, users will be provided
                                                               can   meet   appropriate   regulatory   and   security
with  a  simplified  interface  where  they  can  see  and
                                                               requirements. Therefore, some liquidity pools will only
manage  the  combined  asset  holdings  in  one  place.
                                                               be available for users who have passed KYC (Figure 6. 1),
Advanced users will be able to select an alternate view
                                                               and others will be accessible to anyone (Figure 6. 2).
option where they can see all the wallets separately and
to change allocation within different wallets manually.        Among traditional  liquidity providers  such  as  others
                                                               exchanges, market makers and various pools, there are
already several crypto token and assets solutions which
are helping to create liquidity. These include solutions
such  as  the  KyberNetwork  or  Bancor  which  make
possible  the  instant  exchange  of  a  wide  range  of
4.                                                             Network of liquidity pool
                                                                                                                           Ethereum tokens. The Jarvis Technology framework has
                                                                                                                           been designed to work with these solutions alongside
Many concepts and ideas have driven the development
                                                                                                                           with upcoming scaling solutions such as atomic swaps,
of  the  Jarvis  exchange  technologies  and  framework.
                                                                                                                           blockchain interoperability and lightning network.
Among them is the underlying ideology that a platform
should facilitate access to any market or any asset from                                                                   In addition to these external liquidity pools, any user, or
a  custodial  or  non-custodial  crypto  wallet.  Not  only
                                                                                                                           partner can freely participate in the liquidity network
should  there  be  access,  but  these  assets  should  be                                                                 (Figure 6. 3) and make their funds available for the short
exchangeable and usable at any time.
                                                                                                                           term or long-term use of other users or others liquidity
                                                                                                                           pool. Users will be able to choose which pool they want
A key component of the Jarvis Exchange architecture is
                                                                                                                           to contribute to. For example, a user might choose to
not   just   one   aggregator   but   multiple   liquidity
                                                                                                                           allocate part of their holdings to the payment pool, to the
aggregators and matching engines.   These components
                                                                                                                           cross-chain transactions or margin trading one.     Each
are capable of working together, combining, re-routing,
                                                                                                                           pool   will   split   its   revenue   among   participants
and  facilitating  a  wide  range  of  liquidity  solutions.
                                                                                                                           proportionate to their holdings.  Such actions  will be
Together  they  form  a  network  of  liquidity  pools
                                                                                                                           rewarded  through  ongoing  interest  payments  and
providing a unique multi-assets offering and facilitate
                                                                                                                           premium  while  also  helping  to increase  the  internal
any  exchanges  of  value.  This  liquidity  aggregation
                                                                                                                           liquidity within the network. Another key component of
solution is not limited to the Jarvis exchanges but will
                                                                                                                           this  structure  is  the  ability  for  external  partners  to
be capable of delivering aggregated liquidity to external
                                                                                                                           contribute to the liquidity pools indirectly, privately, or
parties though our FIX and REST APIs.
anonymously where the regulations allow for such.
Eventually, as much of the liquidity pool holdings as
possible  will  be  maintained  in  offline  cold  storage.
4.1. Liquidity providers
These holdings will be added back to the active liquidity
pool should there be increased demand or need.
4.2. Interoperable network
The Jarvis liquidity network will allow a wide range of
liquidity pools to seamlessly work together and to be
combined with native liquidity to facilitate the instant
exchanging of cross-chain and cross-asset transactions
and issuing of credit. When a direct exchange between
products or assets is not possible, the exchange protocol
will coordinate different liquidity providers to perform
several transactions to achieve the desired end result.
Figure 6. Jarvis liquidity network.
The Jarvis liquidity network (Figure 6.) will consist of
several connected liquidity providers of different asset
classes with various internal regulatory requirements.
Copyright 2018 Jarvis Exchange                                 Page 8




Following  the  launch  of  the  crypto  products,  other
traditional products and markets such as Forex, stocks,
commodities, and so on will be enabled. These products
will  initially  only  be  available  to  clients  who  have
completed the KYC process. Until the various assets and
markets become digitalized, Jarvis will use a mirroring
solution which will function very similar to most CFD
solutions.   This consists of Jarvis opening an account
with various liquidity providers and placing identical
trades  to  match  the  trades  placed  with  Jarvis.  This
solution has been chosen over creating tokens backed by
assets because it has been found to be more scalable,
secure and faster to implement at this time. It is expected
that this mirroring solution will change over time as
other digitization solutions become more available and
Figure 7. Workflow cross-asset and cross-chain transaction.                                                                         regulations  being  to  allow  for  direct  digitization  of
                                                                                                                                    assets.
A current example of this would be if a user wanted to
trade  their  Bitcoin  for  Apple  stocks                       (Figure                                                      7.).   The current lack of regulatory clarification regarding
Depending on the volume, the asset liquidity, volatility                                                                            digital  assets  is  not  expected  to  limit  the  listing  of
and the custody of the users funds, various algorithms                                                                              tokenized assets that will cover a wide range of products
will determine the associated fees, the exchange rate and                                                                           including tokenized  funds,  tokenized  real-estate,  and
how  the  transaction  will  be  performed  to provide  a                                                                           digitized  versions  of  traditional  products.  The  vast
favorable  fast  exchange.  For  less  liquid  assets,  the                                                                         majority of these assets will be listed through external
transactions will happen one after another until all parts                                                                          partners, so most  of this  offering will rely  on  other
are completed before the confirmation is provided in                                                                                projects successfully tokenizing real world assets. Real
order  to  reduce  risk.     In  the  Apple  Stock/Bitcoin                                                                          estate,  artwork,  investment  funds,  and  other  similar
example, both assets are more liquid and this conversion                                                                            types of assets are more likely to be considered more as
would be able to happen almost simultaneously.   The                                                                                long-term   investments   rather   than   day   trading
Bitcoins will be sold against the dollar (Figure 7. 1) in one                                                                       opportunities  and  will  not  be  available  for  margin
liquidity pool at a locked and lower exchange rate to                                                                               trading.   Despite not being allowed for margin trading
offer a premium; in the meantime, the Apple stocks will                                                                             these digitized assets will be entitled to be collateralized
be bought through an aggregated dollar pool (Figure 7. 2).                                                                          in order to let users do margin trades based on their
Finally, the dollar bought by selling the Bitcoins will be                                                                          holdings.   Such assets will also be listed in the market
sent  to  the  aggregated  dollar  pool.  While  there  are                                                                         place interface along with TGEs and other traditional
multiple steps the transaction time can be near instant                                                                             investment solutions provided by partners.
when the Bitcoin is settled with a side chain or internal
liquidity pool. The same mechanism is used for cross-
chain transaction or to exchange any crypto to any fiat
4.4. Providing utility and liquidity
(Figure 7. 3).
                                                                The second role of the exchange is to provide ongoing
It   is  expected  that  some  features   or   levels   of
                                                                liquidity and exchange functionality for all of the crypto
interoperability might not be available to all users in all
                                                                pairs, tokens, or fiat currencies  supported within the
jurisdictions  due  to  regulations  or  the  lack  thereof.
                                                                liquidity   networks   and   protocols.   The   automatic
Jarvis  will  strive  to  deliver  the  highest  level  of
                                                                interoperability of assets provides great value as this
interoperability and availability of functions to all users
                                                                facilitates the user experience by automating the steps
either  directly  or  through  partnerships  with  existing
                                                                and making all assets a medium of exchange or payment.
regulated entities in key jurisdictions such as the USA,
Japan, South Korea, and Australia.
Through its API, the true utility and liquidity of the
system can be delivered to the Blockchain ecosystem.
Centralized  and  decentralized  financial  applications,
4.3. Multi-assets trading and exchange                          TGE’s, payment solutions, other exchanges and wallets
                                                                will all be able to directly and indirectly benefit from
The first role of the exchange is to provide access to and      this solution.
interoperability between various assets so that they can
                                                                The Jarvis Exchange framework might be seen as an
easily be traded in the centralized exchange, the semi-
decentralized exchange or from a crypto wallet.                 exchange layer which will fit in the technological stack
                                                                of underlying applications and services layers that will
The first stage roll out of products and services will          comprise the new Web 3.0. Even if Jarvis currently has
focus  on  the  crypto  exchange  which  will  have  top        enabled   some   centralized   components,   they   are
cryptocurrencies such as BTC, BCH, ETH, LTC and                 primarily  there  to  meet  compliance  with  existing
USDT.   The   expansion   of   products   will   occur          regulatory requirements for fiat gateways.   Jarvis will
incrementally over the months following the TGE.                strive to eliminate or provide alternative options to the
Copyright 2018 Jarvis Exchange                                  Page 9




centralized  parts  as  quickly  as  solutions  become        5.1.3.                              Conversation skills interface
available.
The  name  Jarvis  was  inspired  by  a  different  key
component which will help empower users and simplify
the interaction with technology framework. This key
component is an AI with conversation skills, hence the
name Jarvis. The AI will also provide a new way to
5.                                                            User interface and applications
                                                                                                  interact with the software and reach any features, data,
                                                                                                  applications, or assets.                                     The Jarvis AI will be the main
The Jarvis team will initially be launching a mobile
                                                                                                  point of interaction within the software and will be used
wallet focusing on monitoring and payment solutions                                               to navigate within the apps, learn about features, get
and  a  cross-platform  multi-assets  trading  interface                                          price quotes, ask questions, etc. As a user continues to
called Jarvis Trader. Jarvis trader and the Jarvis wallet                                         interact with the software the AI will learn from the
have been designed to provide a user-friendly interface                                           users  habits  and  will automatically display shortcuts
for  the  technology  framework  behind  the  Jarvis                                              toward the most used features within the application.
                                                                                                  The AI will always be accessible through a “+” button
exchanges. The user-friendly interfaces combined with
                                                                                                  displayed on every screen of Jarvis application.
the  interoperability  technology  solution  will  directly
compete with traditional Fintech applications such as
                                                                                                  The AI will further simplify the user experience through
Revolut or Robinhood.
                                                                                                  writing or voice requests. For example, writing “send 20
                                                                                                  Euros worth of BTC to @adam” will pre-configure the
As much as possible, the Jarvis experience simplifies the
                                                                                                  wallet to send 20 Euros in Bitcoins to the contact Adam.
users interactions with every aspect of the underlying
                                                                                                  Saying “ETHUSD H4” will open a ETH/USD chart with
technology.    This section is a quick overview of the
                                                                                                  a H4 time frame.  “BTC” will provide data about the
interfaces and their features; a more detailed one will                                           price or will suggest opening a chart or a wallet.
be provided in other documents.
                                                                                                  The AI will be able to help and guide users initially by
                                                                                                  simplifying the setup of an account and will continue to
                                                                                                  help  users  by  assisting  with  various  commands  and
                                                              5.1. General concepts               monitoring  user’s  activities  for  mistakes  such  as
                                                                                                  entering a non-existing, non-active or wrong address.
While the two interfaces are targeting different users and                                        The AI can also be requested to monitor and analyze the
will be marketed in different ways, they both contain                                             risk and exposure of user’s portfolio and so on.
several common features that makes up the DNA of
Jarvis applications.                                                                              5.1.4.                                                       Easy purchase, transfer and exchange
                                                                                                                                                               of assets.
5.1.1.                                                        Blockchainless experience
                                                                                                  The interfaces of the Jarvis platform and wallet have
A good user interface solution shouldn’t require any                                              been  designed  to  facilitate  the  exchange,  buying  or
difficult user action or input in order to leverage and                                           selling of any assets in the system without the need for
derive value from the underlying technology.  Whenever                                            a complex or traditional process. Buying a fraction of
possible  the  existing  trading  processes  need  to  be                                         Bitcoin or apple with fiat or any other funding source
automated so that the frontend just helps users to request                                        would take few seconds. The same will also be true for
an action which is fulfilled automatically.   The various                                         the rebalancing of one’s portfolio allocation. This type
processes and steps such as determining the gas level, or                                         of user interface will greatly ease the transfer of value
cancelling   an   unconfirmed   transaction,   or   the                                           and assets. Future iterations will even allow users to
acquisition of specific tokens to work with a specific                                            seamlessly send Bitcoins to an Ethereum address; or to
DApp’s, or moving funds within wallets, or contributing                                           a contact’s a phone number or an email address even if
toa specific crowdsale, or the collateralization of assets                                        this person does not have Jarvis account.
to trigger a collateral credit will be done automatically
and seamlessly.
                                                                                                  5.2. Specific features
5.1.2.                                                        Centralized or semi-decentralized
                                                              switch
                                                                                                  The wallet is a mobile application designed to better
Users will have the choice between a semi-decentralized                                           connect  users  with  their  finances  with  a  greater
and  a  centralized  mode,  or  other  external  modes                                            emphasis   on   monitoring   and   simple   payment
provided by other third parties.   This ability to change                                         transactions and asset management while the trading
                                                                                                  application is a mobile, web and desktop application
modes will give users the choice between a trusted third
party and self-custody of their assets, funds, and data                                           focused on the trading aspect.
through the simple click of a button.
                                                                                                  5.2.1.                                                       Mobile application Jarvis Wallet
Copyright 2018 Jarvis Exchange                                                                                                                                                                        Page 10




The Jarvis Wallet could be seen as a hybrid solution that       exchanges and traditional brokers. When a user connects
mixes the best features of a crypto wallet while also           to another exchange, they will continue to leverage from
providing features similar to other mobile banking and          the Jarvis Trader UX and UI.
investing  applications  such  as  Revolut,  N26,  and
Robinhood.
5.3. Applications layer
A Jarvis Wallet user will have the possibility to manage
their asset portfolio or to buy, sell, exchange and transfer
assets with ease.   The application will also provide easy
access to collateral credit, and be capable of making a
payment with the use of the Jarvis debit card or the NFC
features of their Smartphone. A user could use any asset
supported by the exchange as a payment or collateral
source. Users will be able to pay their bill with their
Apple stocks, Bitcoin, US Dollars, tokenized assets, or
any collateral credit.
5.2.2.                                                          Mobile / Web / Desktop application
Jarvis Trader
The Jarvis Trader Platform will be our flagship offering
and  is  expected  to  be  a  primary  driver  of  user         Figure 2. Applications layer.
acquisition.  The  platform  will  initially  focus  on
delivering  the  most  value  to  high-end  and  more
sophisticated traders who are looking for a user-friendly
and yet professional trading platform. The goal is to
focus on the most important yet simple tasks such as            6.                                                            Additional Security Features
taking and managing a trade or making and sharing
analysis, and with a great emphasis on enhanced social          One of the user concerns that prevents cryptocurrency
features, such as tipping for rewarding contributors.           adoption is the security. Whether it is about the security
                                                                of user accounts or user funds, Jarvis sees it necessary
The  trading  platform  will  provide  users  with  an          to allocate an important part of our resources to security
innovative user experience called “mouse trading”.  This        that does not compromise the user-friendliness of Jarvis.
feature will enable additional faster ways to take trades       In general security features could be divided into two
                                                                different  categories.  The  first  are  those  which  are
and adjust the risk of a position.  Several other advanced
                                                                designed to help protect against and prevent external
tools  such  as  an  integrated  block  explorer,  trade
                                                                threats. The second are features designed to help reduce
analyzer,  market  sentiment  monitor,  and  other  more
                                                                or prevent user errors. Jarvis has carefully considered
traditional   technical   analysis   tools   and   technical
                                                                both types of risk and security features when designing
indicators will help ensure proper screening and analysis
                                                                the technology framework.
of the markets.
The platform interface has been designed to be modular
so that any user can modify it to better fit their needs.       6.1. General aspect
Developers   can   create   widgets   in   almost   any
programming language to extend the capacity of the              Security  issues  often  stem  from  user  mistakes  and
                                                                inattention rather than a forceful breach of a system.
platform. Various tools like a new order book, a trading
                                                                With this mind, education is seen as one of the primary
algorithm, an indicator, or any other desired tools are all
                                                                ways  to  reduce  the  risks.     Educational  tools  and
possible.  These  customization  options  can  be  used
                                                                resources specifically designed to reduce this type of
individually or developers can offer their tools for free
                                                                risk have been embed within the Jarvis applications and
or for a fee in the integrated store. The store will offer
                                                                are  present  from  the  initial  onboarding  through  the
the  general  community  widgets  as  well  as  several
                                                                advanced user protocols. There are many helpful tips
“business-oriented” one which have been designed to
                                                                and assistance powered by the AI to guide users at every
help provide professional traders the ability to deliver        step.   Jarvis also explains to users why the various steps
and  monetize  their  content.    This  will  include  such     or actions are needed to secure their account.
features as facilitating a live trading session, private chat
                                                                To protect users from committing unwanted mistakes,
rooms, e-learning modules, etc…
                                                                the  Jarvis  AI  can  help  prevent  users  from  making
By  default,  the  interface  will  be  connected  to  and      mistakes such as sending crypto-assets to a non-existing,
                                                                wrong or blacklisted address. The AI will also be able to
powered by the Jarvis exchanges, but it could be used as
                                                                perform  requested  risk  checks  like  asking  users  to
standalone  product  that  can  easily  integrate  other
Copyright 2018 Jarvis Exchange                                  Page 11




double-check details for transactions over a specified           6.3. Decentralized way with custodial wallet
amount.
                                                                 Numerous centralized exchanges have been hacked and
In  addition  to  the  AI  solutions  the  various  Jarvis       remain a prized target for hackers.  Such situations have
interfaces and systems have been designed to give the            created a lack of trust for these entities and has helped
user greater control and the ability to decide whether
                                                                 to drive users to adopt cold storage and self-custody
they  want  their  funds  managed  in  a  centralized  or
                                                                 solutions. While such a solution provides great security
decentralized way.
this  also  requires  that  users  take  full  responsibility.
However,  the  outdated  methods  like  the                      12  words
passphrase or paper wallet do not provide the ease of use
6.2. Centralized way with non-custodial                                                                                      that is required for large-scale adoption.
                                                                 wallet
                                                                                                                             6.3.1.                                                         Storage of private keys
Generally, it is expected that the centralized option will
be the best for most new users due to similarities it has                                                                    Much like the system in a banking debit card whose pin
with existing financial applications.                                                                                        code decrypts the key encrypted within the card, the best
                                                                                                                             practice for storing the private key is when it remains
6.2.1.                                                           Funds protection                                            encrypted on the user device. Additional options will be
                                                                                                                             offered to users to store their private keys within a cold
When users delegate the security of their funds to the                                                                       storage solution such as plastic card or USB device; the
Jarvis Exchanges or other 3rd party partners, these funds                                                                    same  device  used  with  the  centralized  exchange  to
will generally be stored in multiple multi-signature cold                                                                    increase  the  login  process  can  be  used  to  store  the
storage wallets located in different locations and secured                                                                   encrypted  private  keys  of  users.  The  keys  could  be
by  different   regulated   teams.   Extensive   AI  and                                                                     decrypted by a password, a pin code, or some biometric
monitoring  solutions  combined  with  ongoing  audits                                                                       input. In the event the device is lost or stolen, users will
every  30  minutes  will  be  utilized  internally  to  help                                                                 be able transfer all their funds to another address with
reduce risks to funds to the greatest extent possible.                                                                       one click for safety. However, to sign these transactions,
users will need to enter their private keys or their seed,
6.2.2.                                                           Users account protection
                                                                                                                             which users will be required to know or retrieve.
While Jarvis will do all that is possible to ensure the                                                                      6.3.2.                                                         Retrieval of private keys
highest level of security against external threats, it is
clear that just merely complying with existing financial                                                                     To retrieve private keys, blockchain systems usually use
regulations  or  industry                                        “Best  Practices”  such  as                                 a seed made of  12 words. While considered a secure
providing multi-factor login, IP or device monitoring, is
                                                                                                                             method, the encryption of the keys within a 12 words
woefully inadequate when it comes to fully protecting
                                                                                                                             seed is not convenient as it has to be stored on paper.
clients.
                                                                                                                             With  the  advent  of  pattern  and  image  recognition
                                                                                                                             technology, the 12 words could be replaced by an item
Security options in Jarvis will be further enhanced by
                                                                                                                             users take a picture of, or a biometric face scan, or a
hardware solutions for 3FA logins, and more. This type
of solution would only allow either trading or a login to                                                                    combination of various verification methods including a
the account when this device is connected. There are a                                                                       face scan, an image of an object, a drawn pattern, a
wide  range  of  hardware  solutions  which  can  be                                                                         color, a word, or a pin code, etc… Such custom methods
implemented.   Some examples include a USB key or                                                                            would normally be considered easier for the user to
magnetic card that needs to be connected to the users                                                                        remember and thus facilitate the recovery of the private
phone or computer either manually or through a NFC or                                                                        key. All of these options will be provided so that users
Bluetooth connection.    Such devices could also include
                                                                                                                             can choose their preferred one.
a requirement for a fingerprint or to push buttons for a
manual  confirmation  of  any  account  related  action.
                                                                                                                             In the case users would not be able to retrieve their
These    solutions    combined    with    algorithmic
                                                                                                                             private key alone, another option will be through the use
authentication codes (like Google Authenticator) could
                                                                                                                             of trusted devices. These days it is common for persons
help  ensure  a  wide  range  of  options  which  will  be
                                                                                                                             to own multiple devices such as a Smartphone, tablet,
convenient yet ensure a very secure trading environment
                                                                                                                             computer, or even a smart watch. Any user owned and
for Jarvis users.
                                                                                                                             controlled device could be designated as  trusted and
To avoid fishing, when setting up an account, users will                                                                     could host the user’s encrypted private key. Specific
have  to  choose                                                 3  colors.  When  logging  into  their                      small applications will be developed for each type of
account,  before  entering  their  password,  Jarvis  will                                                                   device and will allow them to hold and encrypt these
always show these 3 colors so users can know if they are                                                                     keys while also allowing users to retrieve them easily
on the official website.                                                                                                     with   a  pin  code,  password  or  any  multi-factor
                                                                                                                             authenticator such as a biometric scan.
Copyright 2018 Jarvis Exchange                                   Page 12




Similar to the way a trusted device works, a trusted third      external stable coin solution if a strong option with real
party could be utilized to store all or portions of a private   time audits.  The Jarvis Exchange Framework allows for
key. Such third-party solutions will most likely deliver        multiple  internal  and  external  stable  coins  to  be
the  highest  level  of  convenience.  When  using  such        implemented and used.
external parties it could be possible to break up the seed
and store different parts of the private key with various
external  providers  so  that  even  if  decrypted  the
7.2. Jarvis Reward Token (JRT)
information  would  still be incomplete.  For  example:
only 11 of 12 words for the 12 words passphrase, or the         The role of the Jarvis Reward Token (JRT) is to help
private key without the first or last character would be        grow the user base by redistributing the income of the
stored externally.   While some external solutions will         Jarvis ecosystem as a reward to token holders, users,
require an account that has passed the KYC procedure            partners, and developers.   This token and its associated
others  will not.  Delegating the management  of  keys          structure aim to help create an unending cycle that will
externally will not mean the user needs to switch to a          continue to support the growth of the project.
centralized system. If wanted, the users will be able to
remain  anonymous.  Other  options  for  private  key           7.2.1.                                                         Reward mechanism
storage include the keys being held with other trusted
                                                                On a monthly basis, a minimum of 20% and a maximum
Jarvis users. In the case a user would like to retrieve a
                                                                of  40%  of the revenues  generated by Jarvis  will be
seed or keys, they will send a message to their contacts
                                                                dispatched  among  token  holders.     The  market  has
holding the portion of their keys through one of the
                                                                already proven that an exchange with a fiat gateway has
Jarvis applications.
                                                                great value in the financial services industry.  The Jarvis
Additionally, other more traditional solutions will be          Reward Token makes this exchange even more unique
provided to advanced users such as allowing them to             in  that  it  will  continue  to  reward  token  holders  by
print their keys or 12 words passphrase or to save them         distributing to them such a large portion of the income.
on other cold storage solutions.                                The revenue distribution will be done in a fixed value
instrument  such  as  the  Jarvis  Dollar.  An  additional
minimum of 5% and maximum of 10% of the revenues
generated by Jarvis will be distributed among the TGE
participants to further reward them for their trust and
7.                                                              Jarvis Tokens                                                  risk taking.
                                                                                                                               7.2.2.                                                       Distribution of the tokens
                                                                7.1. Jarvis Dollar Token
                                                                                                                               The Jarvis Reward Token (JRT) will be used to reward
The  Jarvis  Dollar  token  is  a  centralized  stable  coin
                                                                                                                               all  participants  of  the  ecosystem  including  TGE
backed by real dollars. It always worth 1 dollar and is
used as a medium of payment and as an asset for trading                                                                        contributors,  partners,  users,  and  developers,  and
crypto/fiat pairs as well as use with digitized Forex and                                                                      anyone who is bringing more users or adding more value
stocks from a wallet. The Jarvis Dollar token will be                                                                          to the ecosystem. Two pools of tokens have been created
launched following the finalizing of several banking                                                                           in  order  to  distribute  to  the  partners,  developers,
partnerships.                                                                                                                  influencers, and users so as to incentivize them in a
                                                                                                                               virtuous  circle.  The  more  value  they  add  to  the
The Jarvis Dollar smart contract will hold billions of
                                                                                                                               ecosystem,  the  more  tokens  they  will  receive  as  a
Jarvis Dollar tokens but will only unlock one token for
                                                                                                                               reward.   In that these tokens are connected with portion
each real dollar deposited in a Jarvis banking account.
                                                                                                                               of the company revenue, the holders of the tokens will
To ensure that each Jarvis Dollar in circulation is backed
                                                                                                                               be incentivized to keep bringing more value to increase
by  a  real  dollar  in  the  Jarvis  banking  accounts,  an
                                                                                                                               the revenue of the ecosystem, and their revenues as well.
independent audit will be conducted every 30 minutes
                                                                                                                               The  first  pool  will  focus  on  more  B2B  or  partner
on the smart contract and on the banking account. The
results  of  this  audit  will  be  published  on  a  major                                                                    relationships  and  the  second  pool  of  Jarvis  Reward
blockchain such as Ethereum or EOS.                                                                                            Tokens will be managed by the Jarvis DAO.   Anyone
who holds Jarvis Reward Tokens will gain membership
Due to the current lack of strong publicly available and        and rights in the Jarvis DAO.
audited   stable   coin   options,   Jarvis   has   pursued
establishing  our  own  stable  coin  on  the  Ethereum
network.  However,  we will look at the evolution  of
Ethereum  network  following  the  implementation  of
various scalability solutions and if the newer Proof of
Stake model does not significantly improve costs and            8.                                                             Jarvis DAO
scalability on the network then Jarvis will either use a
different  network  such  as  EOS  and/or  will  use  an
Copyright 2018 Jarvis Exchange                                                                                                                                                              Page 13




Every  Jarvis  Reward  Token  holder  will  gain  the           parties  who  are  helping  to  support  Jarvis.     Some
opportunity to be involved with the Jarvis DAO.   The           examples might be to allocate tokens as a reward for
Jarvis DAO’s primary role is to organize the community          content contribution, or a reward allocation based on the
and to manage two pools of tokens which are designated          number of new users a person or entity have referred this
to foster new user acquisition. The first pool of tokens        month, etc…   The goal of these token pools is to ensure
will consist of 30 Million Jarvis Reward tokens which           that  users,  partners,  and  developers  will  always  be
will  be  allocated  to  the  DAO  few  months  after  the      entitled to receive monthly revenue through their tokens
conclusion of the TGE.    The second pool of tokens will        and  stay  incentivized  to  keep  contributing  to  the
come from a monthly allocation of profits of the Jarvis         ecosystem.
ecosystem proportionate to the Jarvis Reward Tokens
that the DAO is holding.   It is expected that the second
pool of funds will be held in Jarvis Dollar or other stable
token. Through a voting mechanism, DAO members can
decide  to  organize  trading  contests,  hack-a-thons,
9.                                                              Jarvis TGE
bounty campaigns or other campaigns which will utilize
the funds the DAO is holding.  All members of the Jarvis
                                                                The Jarvis team has decided to run a TGE to increase the
community  will  be  welcome  to  and  encouraged  to
                                                                funds to speed up the expansion of the project instead of
provide ideas  or  proposals  for  projects,  DApps,  and
                                                                utilizing other funding options. A Token sale allows
other events which can help improve or grow the Jarvis
                                                                Jarvis  to simultaneously run  a  marketing strategy to
ecosystem.  After an idea or proposal has been vetted by
                                                                acquire users, to raise funds, and to increase general
the Jarvis team to ensure feasibility, only the members
                                                                awareness of the project.   This will help to attract new
of the Jarvis DAO will be able to vote on the proposals
                                                                clients, additional team members, and potential partners
they would like to see pursued. DAO members will then
                                                                who all benefit from the exposure.
be able to vote on  a regular basis  on which project
proposals and initiatives they would like to see funded.
                                                                A key advantage of using the TGE to expand the project
                                                                is that many contributors will also be existing or future
The two different pools  of funds will have different
                                                                users of Jarvis and will thus be rewarded by holding
allocation rates.   The pool consisting of Jarvis Reward
                                                                tokens and helping build the community.
Tokens  will have  a fixed  quarterly distribution  rate.
This distribution rate will be determined by the first vote
of  the DAO.    So for  example  if  the DAO  votes  to
distribute this pool of 30 million tokens equally over a 6      9.1. Details of the TGE
year period then  there will be 5 million tokens available
each year.     This would make 1,250,000 Jarvis Reward          Token name                                                   JRT - ERC20
Tokens available each quarter for projects and events
                                                                Reward rate                                                  20% of the revenue
which will help grow the community or enhance Jarvis.
                                                                Total number
If  for  any  reason  the  tokens  allocated  to  a  specific   420 000 000
of tokens
quarter are not fully utilized then the DAO will be able
to  vote  if  they  would  like  the  tokens  destroyed  or     Token price                                                  $0.10
returned back to the pool.
                                                                Hard cap                                                     $21 000 000
                                                                Currencies
In addition to the pool of Jarvis Reward Tokens there                                                                        ETH
                                                                accepted
will  be  the  second  pool  of  funds  derived  from  the
                                                                                                                             •                         30% during the presale period
monthly profits.   This pool of stable tokens will also be      Presale
available for full or partial distribution towards projects
                                                                •                                                            20% during the 1st week
and initiatives which can help improve Jarvis.   Between
                                                                •                                                            10% during the 2nd week
these two pools of tokens the Jarvis project will be able
                                                                Main sale
                                                                •                                                            0% during the last week
to ensure ongoing financial support for a wide range of
community driven initiatives.   The funds and initiatives
supported and managed by the Jarvis DAO will not be             KYC
                                                                Yes
                                                                required?
the only growth mechanism for the ecosystem but have
                                                                Citizens or residents of The
been designed to be a very complimentary structure to
                                                                Ineligible
Republic of China, USA, Canada,
further enhance the projects and initiatives which will be      contributors?
and a few other jurisdictions.
supported and driven internally by the Jarvis team or by
other partners in the Jarvis ecosystem.
There is a wide range of ways these two different token
pools can be allocated.   It is anticipated that the DAO
will vote to distribute a portion of the tokens to various
Copyright 2018 Jarvis Exchange                                  Page 14




9.2. Token distribution                                   revenue will be allocated for token buy back.   Then the
                                                          company  will  use  these  allocated  funds  to  purchase
280M (70%)
Jarvis Reward Tokens from time to time from the open
market.   Any tokens purchased by the company will be
•                                                         260M for TGE                                                    destroyed and a record of the destroyed tokens will be
Token distributed
                                                                                                                          participants                                             published. This will lead to an ongoing or continuous
to contributors
                                                          •                                                               20M for bounty and
                                                                                                                                                                                   reduction  of  JRT  tokens  at  the  same  time  that  the
                                                                                                                          airdrop
company is becoming more profitable.    Because the
monthly reward will be distributed evenly to all tokens
Tokens for the                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      the lower the number of tokens the greater the reward.
                                                                                                                                                                                   30M
DAO pool
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Thus,  the  value  of  the tokens  should  increase  at  an
Tokens for the
                                                                                                                                                                                   50M                                                                                                                              exponential  rate  over  time  because  the  increasing
partnership pool
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    profitability will further facilitate the company to have
                                                                                                                                                                                   60M
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    more funds to buy back and destroy more tokens while
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    at the same time the increased revenue of the company
Token for the
                                                                                                                                                                                   •                                                            50M for the core team        will also be distributed each month.
company
                                                                                                                                                                                   •                                                            10M for the advisors
                                                          9.3. Additional Bonus Pool for TGE
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    10.  Monetization
                                                                                                                          Participants
                                                          We  are  aware  that  right  after  a  token  is  listed  on                                                                                                                                                                                              Jarvis is planning to exploit the exchange capabilities
                                                          exchanges sometimes uncommitted holders choose to                                                                                                                                                                                                         through various revenue streams and business models.
                                                          sell their tokens with the plan to possibly repurchase the                                                                                                                                                                                                The first and more obvious one is through transactions
                                                          tokens in the future. It is therefore critical for Jarvis to                                                                                                                                                                                              fees.  On  the  centralized  and  on  the  decentralized
                                                          do all that is possible to ensure the participants of the                                                                                                                                                                                                 exchange, the targeted fees are expected to be as low as
                                                          TGE get even more value for acquiring the token during                                                                                                                                                                                                    0.1% for the taker and 0.05% for the maker, and a 0.5%
                                                          the TGE rather than  after  when it  gets  listed  on  an                                                                                                                                                                                                 fee for all fiat withdrawals when the exchange will reach
                                                          exchange.  To  facilitate  this  Jarvis  will  reward  the                                                                                                                                                                                                certain milestone. For example; the TGE will provide
original  TGE  participants  with  an  additional                                                                                                                                                                                                                       5%                                          additional funds to the exchange to setup an additional
                                                          monthly bonus of the Jarvis revenue beyond the already                                                                                                                                                                                                    internal liquidity pool which could help lower the fees.
                                                          planned 20%. 4% will be allocated among every TGE                                                                                                                                                                                                         For some assets and operations fees might be adapted
participants,   and                                                                                                                                                                1%   among   the   presale   round                                                                                               higher  or  lower  depending  on  market  needs  or
                                                          participants.  This  will be  valid  for  all  original TGE                                                                                                                                                        conditions.
                                                          participants  who  hold  their  tokens  on  the  Jarvis
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    By providing a public API, Jarvis will be able to provide
                                                          exchange or other approved wallet.     Eligibility for this
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    liquidity to compliment solutions and products being
                                                          bonus will continue for all original TGE participants for
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    offered by partners.   The Jarvis API will help partners
                                                          all tokens acquired during the TGE. Tokens acquired by
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    provide wallets, a fiat gateway, or as convenient way to
                                                          original TGE participants after the TGE has concluded
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    exchange one asset for another. The API would also be
                                                          will not be eligible for this additional monthly bonus.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    able to support a wide range of DApps and will be able
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    to provide access to both centralized and decentralized
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    exchange liquidity.   This will allow other exchanges to
                                                          9.4. Token Buy Back and Unsold TGE                                                                                                                                                                                                                        share our liquidity pool, external trading platform, and
                                                                                                                          token destruction                                                                                                                                                                         other software components. Any entity using the API
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    will be considered as a partner and will be incentivized
                                                          To  further  ensure  that  the  Jarvis  Reward  Token
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    through  various  profit  sharing  programs  or  other
                                                          maintains as much value as possible for its holders both
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             appropriate options.
                                                          at the conclusion of the TGE and for years to come two
                                                          different solutions will be used.    First, any of the tokens                                                                                                                                                                                             Exchanges fees are expected to drastically drop over the
                                                          for  the  TGE  which  have been  allocated  for  sale,  or                                                                                                                                                                                                coming years.  It is anticipated that the Crypto exchange
                                                          airdrop or bounty programs which are not sold or used                                                                                                                                                                                                     fees will follow a similar trajectory to that of Forex
                                                          will be destroyed after the TGE has been concluded.                                                                                                                                                                                                       exchange fees.  They will continue to go down at an even
                                                          This will help to ensure that the initial token value is                                                                                                                                                                                                  more rapid pace than Forex did. Where it took Forex
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    more than 10 years to bottom out, the Crypto market will
                                                          preserved.    The second method used to ensure token
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    probably  achieve  this  in  less  than  5  years.    Further
                                                          value will be an ongoing buyback and destruction of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    technological developments and more exchanges will
                                                          Jarvis Reward tokens by the company.  The way this will
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    enable more competition that will drive the fees down.
                                                          work is that every quarter a portion of the company
                                                                                                                          Copyright 2018 Jarvis Exchange                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Page 15




We  have  already  begun  to  see  this  with  some                                                        will be able to monetize data that they generate through
decentralized exchanges which are offering trading with                                                    activity in Jarvis.
no fees other than the blockchain processing fee charged
by Bitcoin or Ethereum network.                                                                            11.  Client acquisition
As Jarvis continues to grow, it is expected that it will
                                                                                                           The exchange market is a highly competitive one. It is
become more autonomous from liquidity aspects of the
                                                                                                           important for almost all client oriented companies to
business  and  will be fully capable  of  offering other
                                                                                                           focus  a  significant  portion  of  their  energy  toward
exchange pricing models such as a fixed monthly fee or
                                                                                                           growing  the  user  base.  The  Jarvis  team  expects  the
even fee free trading as clients take advantage of other
                                                                                                           existing   Jarvis   community   to   continue   growing
tools and resources in the system which will help to
                                                                                                           exponentially due to a wide range of factors.    These
generate revenue for the company.  We see this business
                                                                                                           factors include the user-friendly interface with a wide
structuring as vital to ensure ongoing value for token
holders and for the longevity of the company.                                                              range of features, a competitive fee policy, a wide range
                                                                                                           of assets with deep liquidity, extensive DApp solutions,
                                                                                                           etc.  Further  community  growth  will  be  supported
                                                                                                           through   traditional  marketing   campaigns;   a   very
10.1.                                                          Investment marketplace and store
                                                                                                           competitive  referral  program,   airdrops,  and  such
                                                                                                           projects as will be proposed and endorsed by the Jarvis
Over the long term, one of the key revenue streams of
                                                                                                           DAO.
the company will come from the market place and the
store.    The market place will list partners’ tokenized
assets and funds along with ICO/STO, while the store
will list applications and widgets, as well as services. It                                                11.1.                                                          Referral program.
is expected that this will increase exponentially as the
user  base  continues  to  grow.  Transactions  in  the                                                    Referral program strategies have a good proven track
                                                                                                           record which directly incentivizes users to invite new
marketplace and the store will eventually generate a
                                                                                                           users to join. Robinhood, Binance and Kucoin as well as
large share of the profit among Jarvis’ activities. The
                                                                                                           other Fintech companies have used these strategies to
model  consists  of  offering  an  exposure  for  partners
                                                                                                           grow  their  user  base.  The  Jarvis  referral  program
applications,                                                  widgets,    services    or    investment
                                                                                                           consists of a multi-tiered reward program which benefits
opportunities                                                  (TGEs,  managed  funds,  etc.)  and  then
                                                                                                           users, partners and developers who invite new users to
charging 0.5% to 5% on the transactions conducted.
                                                                                                           join by redistributing a portion of the referred parties
                                                                                                           fees to the respective person who introduced the user to
                                                                                                           Jarvis.
10.2.                                                          Traditional Assets and Institutional
                                                                                                           For example; Bob refers Alice and earns 20% of the fees
                                                               Offering
                                                                                                           paid by her. Alice refers John and she will earn 20% of
                                                                                                           the fees paid by him. Bob also receives 4% of the fees
As mentioned previously there will be both FX, CFD’s,
                                                                                                           from John  (20% of  20%). John invites Michelle and
and other traditional assets incorporated into the product
                                                                                                           earns 20% of the fees paid by her, Alice then receives
offering. Because of the extensive background of some
                                                                                                           4% of these fees and Bob receives 0,8% of these fees.
of the team members with traditional financial markets
there will be  an  additional focus  on  B2B  and  more
institutional offerings which will not always be publicly
                                                                                                           11.2.                                                          Crypto holders
disclosed. Some of the institutional side will include
providing liquidity to other exchanges over a wide range
                                                                                                           One  of  the  user  acquisition  strategies  is  to  provide
of assets as well as Omnibus accounts and white label
                                                                                                           additional benefits and resources to long term “hodlers”
offerings  of  the  Jarvis  Exchange.  The  institutional
                                                                                                           of crypto assets.   Several options for storage including
offering  also  includes  additional  Fiat  gateway  and
                                                                                                           personal wallets and cold storage will be provided.  Key
custodial  account holding options  which  will not be
                                                                                                           benefits for such users will include the ability to easily
available  to  retail  clients.  For  more  details  on  the
                                                                                                           loan  and  collect  interest  on  holdings  while  also
bespoke  offerings  available  to  institutional  partners
                                                                                                           maintaining  easy  access  to  the  Jarvis  system  which
please contact Jarvis directly.
                                                                                                           provides liquidity and interoperability for their assets
                                                                                                           should they decide to change their portfolio allocation
The  business  model  will  evolve  to  adapt  with  the
                                                                                                           or holdings.
competition, new technology, and the legal landscape.
Jarvis  will  keep  exploring  new  business  models  to
ensure that users of the platform will always have access
to tools and resources that help them financially.   One
                                                               11.3.                                       Developers
example of this could include various ways that users
Copyright 2018 Jarvis Exchange                                 Page 16




Programmers are a very important aspect to the strength        crypto reserves which can impact the company or its
and  success  of  the  Jarvis  community.  It  is  external    users  are  properly  monitored  and  accounted  for.
programmers that contributed to the success of MT4.            Internally,  system  components,  crypto  holdings,  and
Jarvis provides programmers with a powerful and well           other important data points are always monitored real-
time.
documented API that allows them to develop almost
anything  they  can  imagine  and  to  then  use  this
13.  Licenses and Legal Compliance
personally or to share the product for free or to sell it on
the store.
The  Jarvis  exchange  does  not  to  run  away  from
regulation but towards it. The Jarvis team comes with
decades  of  combined  experience  in  managing  and
holding licenses for top regulated brokerages in a variety
11.4.                                                          Service providers.
                                                                                                                           of jurisdictions including the USA, UK, Korea, Japan,
                                                                                                                           Cyprus, Australia, and more and is working extensively
Services providers are often influencers and are leading
                                                                                                                           with  legal  teams  around  the  world  on  a  variety  of
large trading communities. By providing the opportunity
                                                                                                                           complex regulatory compliance aspects.
for service providers to run their business entirely inside
Jarvis, it will help to grow the user base.   Jarvis already                                                               At this time Jarvis has an exchange license which allows
has  several  service  providers  who  are  leading  big                                                                   for FX, CFD, Digital Currencies, and other asset classes.
communities who have joined the Jarvis project. For                                                                        Currently several additional licenses are already being
example;  in  the  Jarvis  team  itself  there  are  already                                                               planned to obtain licenses in the UK, Switzerland, and
several community leaders who will move all of their                                                                       possibly  other  locations  in  Europe  such  as  Malta.
                                                                                                                           Licenses in the US, South Korea, Japan, Australia, and
business  within  the  Jarvis  platform  as  soon  as  the
                                                                                                                           other  jurisdictions  are  expected  to  be  facilitated  via
centralized   exchange   is   launched.                        This   will
                                                                                                                           existing   relationships   with   already   licensed   and
undoubtedly  lead  part  of  their  large  communities  to
                                                                                                                           established brokerages.
trade on the Jarvis Exchange.
We are also carefully evaluating additional regulatory
developments which are specifically related to digital
currencies  and digitized securities in Belarus, Malta,
11.5.                                                          Traders
                                                                                                                           Estonia, Switzerland, and other countries. The second
                                                                                                                           aspect of digitized securities is of particular importance
As previously outlined, the Jarvis trading platform can
                                                                                                                           because of the incredible applications of such products
be used to connect to other traditional brokers and other
                                                                                                                           for institutional or large-scale investments. The Jarvis
exchanges. These features allow the Jarvis interface to
                                                                                                                           team is very aware of the complex issues surrounding
be used as a standalone product. These open features
                                                                                                                           ongoing legal compliance and the Jarvis infrastructure
will further facilitate growth of the Jarvis community
                                                                                                                           has  been  designed  to  be  able  to  address  these  ever
through external partners driving their users to the Jarvis                                                                evolving compliance aspects.
platform.    It is when such clients access and use the
various unique features that have been combined for
them in Jarvis that they will look to further utilize the
platform as they strive for better and easier management
of their financial resources.
14.  Road map
The road map is being separated in several phases.
Phase  1: 2017-2018, the initiation. During this phase
12.  Real Time Audits                                          which  started  in  late                                    2017  we  have  initiated  the
                                                               development  of  the centralized  exchange,  its  trading
To help compliment the other hardware and software             interface and its wallet. The backend of the exchange has
security  features,  Jarvis  has  already  arranged  with      been finished and currently supports BTC, BCH, ETH,
external  companies  to  implement  a  very  extensive         DASH and USDT. We have developed and finalized our
auditing program. This program is currently planned to
                                                               own HTML5 Canvas charting library. Following this,
provide a general audit every 30 minutes and a full audit
                                                               we have finalized two working prototypes (Windows)
every 12 hours. The results of the audits will be posted
                                                               for  the trading interface,  one for  Forex  and  one for
on our website as well as on a Blockchain to provide
                                                               crypto  trading,  to  showcase  our  UX/UI  ideas  and
confirmation that results have not been changed.   The
                                                               features. In parallel we have also launched a simple BTC
audit will include such things as the number of Jarvis
                                                               and  ETH  mobile                                            (Android  and  iOS)  and  desktop
Reward Tokens,  other  crypto holdings, Jarvis  Stable
                                                               (Windows and MacOS) wallet. We have also launched
coins, and the Fiat holdings in banks or exchanges which
are backing the stable coins.   Auditing these data points     a Python to JavaScript converter in order to execute
as well as others will help to ensure that all Fiat and        Python code into the JavaScript interface. This allows
Copyright 2018 Jarvis Exchange                                                                                             Page 17




python programmers to execute trading bots or analysis         Jarvis has gathered a core team of incredibly talented
tools within the trading interface.                            and    passionate   people    coming   from    diverse
                                                               backgrounds   but   united   around   the   same   idea:
Phase 2: First Quarter of 2019, the launch. We will be         contributing to this revolution and creating products
launching  our   centralized   exchange.   Initially  the      that will change people habits. One of the goals of our
exchange  will  support  cryptocurrencies  and  fiat,  but     TGE will be to further expand our capacity of execution
                                                               by  the  addition  of  other  talented  and  experienced
Forex and CFDs will be added by the end soon after.
                                                               members. The media coverage and the success of the
With the full range of products, it will be possible to
                                                               TGE will help us reach new prospective team members
address the Forex and CFD traders. Jarvis will allow
                                                               of Jarvis.
them  to  trade  from  a  wallet  rather  than  with  their
traditional broker. With the launch of this first product,
                                                               Pascal  Tallarida,  founder  and  CEO.  Pascal  is  an
the DAO will be officially opened and start actively
                                                               entrepreneur and Senior Forex trader with more than 11
helping to promote the Jarvis exchange offering.               years of experience. He founded a prop trading firm and
                                                               one  of  the  leading  trading  schools   and  trading
Phase 3: Second Quarter of 2019, the expansion. During         communities in France called DMTrading.   DMTrading
the  second  semester,  the  trading  interface  of  the       is  followed  by                                               18k+  French  traders.  Pascal  is  a
exchange (named Jarvis Trader) will be launched as a           renowned  lecturer  and  is  a  frequent  speaker  at
standalone  solution  to  be  connected  with  others          conferences   and   universities   throughout   Europe.
exchanges and other brokers to raise the awareness of          Actively involved and greatly respected in the French
our brand, products and philosophy. We are confident in        trading community, his trading followers have been the
                                                               first testers of Jarvis. By closely working with thousands
our ability to drive user acquisition through this platform
                                                               of  retail  traders  for  years,  he  acquired  an  in-depth
as its features have already been tested with 500 traders,
                                                               knowledge about what traders want, how they think, and
which gave a very positive feedback and were willing to
                                                               what leads them to choose a trading platform or trading
change their usual trading platform for Jarvis Trader. In
                                                               service. This has helped him to understand their needs
parallel, by the end of the year, the payment gateway
                                                               in terms of features and user experience. He is an active
will be active following the obtention of a European
                                                               trader of, and educator on cryptocurrencies. He has led
license and the mobile application will be launched.
                                                               his team of traders to try most of the existing exchanges
                                                               and trading platforms.
Phase 4: end of 2019-2020, the path to decentralization.
By the end of the year 2019, we will be launching our          Andrew Anderson, founder and CTA. Over the past
custodial wallet and semi-centralized exchange solution.       two  decades  Andrew  has  held  many  senior  level
Doing so, users will be capable to participate to the          positions in top regulated financial institutions located
decentralized  liquidity pool and  lend their assets  for      around the world. Andrew brings extensive experience
                                                               coming from years of helping to oversee operations for
several  use  cases.  Initially  the  wallet  will  only  be
                                                               entities with more than 250,000 clients in 140 countries
capable of escrow for peer-to-peer trading and will be
                                                               with monthly trading volumes reaching $80 Billion.   In
integrated to several partners Ethereum, Neo and EOS
                                                               addition to holding various licenses from regulators on
decentralized applications.
                                                               multiple  continents,  Andrew  has  also  overseen  the
                                                               development and successful delivery of both frontend
Phase  5:  2020,  Decentralized  finance.  Following the
                                                               and backend trading solutions involving various trading
launch   of   the   semi-decentralized   exchange,   the
                                                               and  liquidity  technologies.     Andrew  began  to  be
collateral credit will be available within the custodial
                                                               involved with Blockchain in 2010. His interest in and
wallet,  allowing to  launch  a  fully featured  custodial
                                                               knowledge  of  the  wide  range  of  applications  that
wallet which allow to instantly connect to the payment
                                                               distributed   ledger   technologies   can   deliver   has
gateway.  This  will  set  the  path  for  building  a         continued  to  increase  from  this  time.                     Andrew  is
decentralized and personal financial hub and to expand         passionate about the many ways that blockchain and
the offering to tokenized assets and funds. Eventually,        other distributed ledger technologies can be used for
the data-locker will be launched, which will help to store     increased  efficiencies  in  business  operations  and  the
users data in a decentralized way in order to build a fully    ways  that  the  associated  technology  solutions  can
decentralized ecosystem.                                       empower and improve the lives of people around the
                                                               world.
                                                               Cyril  Tabet,  founder.  Cyril  graduated  from  York
15.  The Team                                                  University, Toronto, Canada in 1999. He is an award-
                                                               winning Telecom and Financial Services executive who
                                                               held  C-Level  positions  launching  and  driving  the
The Jarvis founders come with decades of experience in
                                                               expansion  of  multiple  telecom  and  financial  firms
managing trading, brokerage operations, and developing
                                                               including  ActiVia,  Alpari,  Interbank  FX  and  JFD
some of the most robust matching engines and exchange
                                                               ranking them into top 10 worldwide listings. His latest
software that is being utilized today.
                                                               success was to position JFD among the world's largest
                                                               MT4 brokers in less than 5 years, leveraging from his
Copyright 2018 Jarvis Exchange                                                                                                Page 18




strategic vision and in-depth knowledge of the Fintech      scaling  businesses.  Neno  is  managing  and  tracking
industry.   Passionate   about   tech   and   business      processes  in  Jarvis  to  build  and  develop  the  best
transformations, Cyril most recently co-founded, seeded     management practices. Since 2017, he has also been a
and/or supported the deployment of multiple innovative      successful crypto investor and Forex trader.
ventures   predominantly   focusing   on   Blockchain,
Financial Services, Data, AI and CSR solutions.             Stefani Todorova, PR and communication. Stefani
                                                            studied PR and mass communication in Sofia
Emmanuel   Grand,   UX   designer.   Emmanuel  is           University. One of the first team members at Jarvis,
passionate  about  people  and  experiences.  He  spent     Stefi is developing the PR and marketing of Jarvis, as
several  years  as  a  diving  instructor  in  Australia,   well as managing the office and administration of the
Thailand and Mexico, all the while day trading from all     company.
over the world. Emmanuel is perfecting the simple and
powerful UX and UI in Jarvis, utilizing his knowledge       Aleksandar Chervenkov, marketing manager. Over
of what traders need and want. He is passionate about       the last decade, Alek has challenged himself with
Jarvis and the immense possibilities the project presents   various projects, building versatile marketing
for traders.                                                experience, which naturally led him to develop a strong
                                                            interest in the crypto domain. Prior to Jarvis he played
Petar Kirov, lead developer. Petar started as a             a key role in several international IT companies
developer support officer at Telerik where he helped        relating to construction, web hosting and affiliate
customers build .NET apps. Later on, he decided to          marketing networks. He is ecstatic to be working on a
follow his passion for system programming by joining        cutting-edge Jarvis Edge project.
a core C++ platform team at VMware. Petar has also
been contributing to the D programming language and         Karina Delcheva, community manager and data
is passionate about open-source leading him to want to      analyst. With a background in the charity sector and a
contribute to the Blockchain ecosystem. Petar leads all     BScin Social Policy Karina brings a sociological and
software matters at Jarvis, from design and                 ethical side to data analysis and practice within Jarvis.
implementation to DevOps.                                   She is passionate about machine learning based on
                                                            human-produced data. In preparation for the
Ivan Zhelyazkov, software developer. Ivan is an             fundraising, Karina is using her community and PR
ambitious coffee-driven software developer with 4           skills from the charity sector to work on the community
years of C and C++ programming experience. Ivan has         and social media campaign in Jarvis Edge.
an interest in blockchain technologies which led him to
learn Solidity and write smart contracts.                   Vsevolod Potorocha, community manager. As an
                                                            aspiring and motivated business student specializing in
Fabien  Ducoudray,  TGE  strategist.  Fabien  is  a         digital marketing, Vsevolod (Seva) joined Jarvis as a
strategy consultant and assists companies in setting up     community manager for the Russian sector as well as
and   understanding   the   mechanisms   related   to       plays a key part of our Social Media campaign.
fundraising through cryptocurrencies, from reviewing
whitepapers to the organization of the communication.       Todor Licheff, UX/UI designer. With a Bachelor of
He has helped 5 ICOs as a consultant leading him to         Engineering Design, Todor is an experienced Graphic
build a network of private investors and contractors.       Designer with a demonstrated history of working in the
                                                            graphic design industry. He is given to Jarvis its
Eric Lazovic, business developer. Eric is an                branding and visual identity.
experienced business operations manager with top
International Commodity Trading companies. While            Tio Torosyan, graphic designer. Tio is an artist,
overseeing operations in multiple countries in three        graphic designer, illustrator and art director. He has
continents Eric developed extensive skill in financial      always been passionate about art and creativity. He has
controls and risks assessment. Eric has helped oversee      mainly worked in fashion magazines as a creative
the development of new markets for leading global           director, and as a game designer before getting
companies such as the Interfood Group with a total          interested by Blockchain technologies. He is the
value of exchange products averaging an annual              curator of Jarvis visual content.
turnover of over € 1.6 billion. Eric is passionate about
                                                            Stefan Tonev, videographer. Stefan graduated in
Fintech innovations, and the way they are combining
                                                            "Cinema and TV" at New Bulgarian University in
with the fast evolving blockchain technologies to create
                                                            Sofia. He has worked as a cinematographer for several
new innovative financial solutions. Eric is good at
                                                            Photography studios. He has done various projects as
building teams and helping connect people and
                                                            aftermovies, corporate and backstage videos. Through
technologies to create new synergies. Eric brings with
                                                            his lens, Stefan is recording the unique development of
him an amazing network of people who are also
                                                            Jarvis.
looking to establish solid and long-term partnerships
with major actors in the financial services industry.
Neno Baynov, project manager. Neno spent over two
years  managing projects  for  UBER  and  has  8  years
previous experience leading teams and improving and
Copyright 2018 Jarvis Exchange                              Page 19




16.  Conclusion
The world of today is built on the top of the traditional financial system. It is the legacy of
hundreds of years of evolution, and has delivered a lot of value. Over time it has evolved in
a way that empowers itself, banks, governments and other large corporate structures, more
than the individuals with access to banking and the billions of unbanked people around the
world.   Decentralized technologies allow for a user-centric financial system that is free of
these legacy limitations and where value can be shared by everyone. But these decentralized
technologies are still in their infancy and do not allow users to leverage from them with ease
or at a large scale. Centralized solutions are not worse than decentralized ones, they are
complementary and when combined together they can deliver greater value than they can
provide alone.   The Jarvis technology framework has been specifically designed to leverage
from the best of both centralized and decentralized systems and to make all of these benefits
interoperable.
A good user experience delivered through a simple to use interface is the key to driving the
adoption of this new way of interacting with finance. Jarvis has been designed using the
collective input that has come from an experienced team working with a community of
thousands over the past decade. With the proper interface and design, billions of users will
be empowered.                                                                                        The features delivered through Jarvis can truly change the way people
manage their finances and                                                                            the way users will define money.
The Jarvis team is excited to be delivering such a solution that can truly help change the
world through user empowerment.
It is important to note that the Jarvis Exchange project is the first milestone of our long-term
mission. It will pave the road for building a strong liquidity network, user base, team and
awareness to fulfill our long-term vision - the Jarvis Network, the Internet of Finance.
The Jarvis Network is the multi-layer technology that provides a backend to connect and
unify on-chain and off-chain financial resources, applications, liquidity, assets and data and
make them interoperable and accessible. It allows to build centralized or decentralized
applications upon it to leverage from its core features. It is the natural evolution of the Jarvis
Exchange framework.
Disclaimer
The information found in this document, the Jarvis.Exchange website and other prepared
materials  is  meant  for  educational  and  informational  purposes  only.    Nothing  in  this
Copyright 2018 Jarvis Exchange                                                                       Page 20




document, the Jarvis.Exchange website, or other materials prepared by the company should
be construed as a recommendation to buy or sell cryptocurrencies or securities or to trade
using any particular strategy or method.   We are not soliciting any action based on this
material.   It has been prepared as general information for anyone who is or may become
interested in the Jarvis.Exchange project. Nothing found in this document, the website, and
associated materials should be considered trading, financial, or investment advice.
Some of the statements in the white paper include forward-looking statements. All forward-
looking statements address matters that involve risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, there
are or will be important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
indicated in these statements.
For further information  on the Jarvis.Exchange project  and to read the full terms  and
conditions, disclaimers, and other important information related to the project please go to
www.jarvis.exchange.
Glossary
centralized: A type of network where all users connect to a central server, which is the
acting agent for all communications. This server would store both the communications and
Copyright 2018 Jarvis Exchange                                                                     Page 21




the user account information. Most public instant messaging platforms use centralized
networks. Also called centralized server-structure
Decentralized: describes the design of a network that isn’t managed by a central party.
A decentralized network relies on a host of computers. As a result, blockchain technology
resides on a P2P network. It physically cannot work with a single computer or point-of-
connection. Instead, it requires a slew of other computers to join in, in order to complete a
specific task on the network.
DApp: is an abbreviated form for decentralized application.
A DApp has its backend code running on a decentralized peer-to-peer network. Contrast
this with an app where the backend code is running on centralized servers.
A DApp can have frontend code and user interfaces written in any language (just like an
app) that can make calls to its backend. Furthermore, its frontend can be hosted on
decentralized storage such as Swarm or IPFS.
Escrow:   Escrow is a legal concept in which a                                                    financial instrument or an asset is held by a
third party on behalf of two other parties that are in the process of completing a transaction.
The funds or assets are held by the escrow agent until it receives the appropriate
instructions or until predetermined contractual obligations have been fulfilled. Money,
securities, funds and other assets can all be held in escrow.
liquidity pool:                                                                                   is the trading volume created by institutional orders executed on private
exchanges and which are mostly unavailable to the public. The bulk of pool liquidity is
represented by block trades facilitated away from the central exchanges.
Cross-chain:                                                                                      Cross-chain atomic swaps. The exchange of tokens between users across
chains, without trusting a third-party.
Cross-chain atomic swaps are only possible if both chains offer a native escrow function.
This requires bitcoin-esque script functions at a minimum. Some chains, such as IOTA and
Sia, for example, don’t support on-chain trustless escrows at all, and as such cannot
implement trustless cross-chain atomic swaps
One of the greatest limitations of cross-chain atomic swaps is settlement time. By
definition, these transactions can only settle as fast as the block time of the slower of the
two chains. Block Collider’s system allows for settlements that are theoretically even faster
than the block times of either chain. Enabling cross-chain swaps to settle more quickly than
the block times of either chain is a pretty wild idea. Given how slow bitcoin blocks are,
Block Collider could carve out an interesting niche.
On-chain:                                                                                         On-chain transactions refer to those cryptocurrency transactions which occur on
the blockchain - that is, on the records of the blockchain - and remain dependent on the
state of the blockchain for their validity. All such on-chain transactions occur and are
considered to be valid only when the blockchain is modified to reflect these transactions on
the public ledger records.
Off-chain:                                                                                        Off-chain transactions refer to those transactions occurring on a cryptocurrency
network which move the value outside of the blockchain. Due to their zero/low cost, off-
chain transactions are gaining popularity, especially among large participants.
On demand scaling:                                                                                On-demand scaling allows you to manually add or remove running
dynamic server instances from an active dynamic cluster as needed. For example, if the
average user-request backlog in dynamic cluster members is trending up, indicating a need
Copyright 2018 Jarvis Exchange                                                                    Page 22




for higher processing capacity, you can add running dynamic server instances to the
dynamic cluster. When the backlog for user-requests drops substantially, you can shut
down idle dynamic server instances.
When you expand the cluster, the size must not exceed the limit set in Maximum Dynamic
Cluster Size. WebLogic Server adds only running dynamic server instances up to the
Maximum Dynamic Cluster Size limit. Also, when you shrink the cluster, the number of
running dynamic servers cannot be below the limit set in Minimum Dynamic Cluster Size.
Matching engine: A trade matching engine is the core software and hardware component
of an electronic exchange. It matches up bids and offers to complete trades. Matching
engines use one or several algorithms to allocate trades among competing bids and offers at
the same price.[1][2]
The most commonly used algorithm is time price priority, meaning those bids and offers
entered into the match engine first have priority over similar bids or offers that were
subsequently entered into the system.
Matching engines support different order types, such as a limit order or market order.
Matching engines may have unique APIs, or use standard ones such as FIX APIs.
Peer-to-peer trading:                                                                             A peer-to-peer (P2P) service is a decentralized platform whereby
two individuals interact directly with each other, without intermediation by a third-party.
Instead, the buyer and the seller transact directly with each other via the P2P service.
Custodial wallet:                                                                                 A custodial wallet is a wallet in which your private keys are stored by a
third party. Thus, you do not have full control over your funds, which makes these wallets a
dubious choice.
Non-custodial wallet:                                                                             may be web, paper, mobile, desktop and hardware wallets — as is
the case with custodial ones. However light (non-custodial) wallets allow you to fully
control your funds and therefore are more secure
Hot wallet:                                                                                       Hot wallet refers to any cryptocurrency wallet that is connected to the internet.
Generally hot wallets are easier to setup, access, and accept more tokens. But, hot wallets
are also more susceptible to hackers, possible regulation, and other technical vulnerabilities.
Cold wallet:                                                                                      Cold storage refers to any cryptocurrency wallet that IS NOT connected to the
internet. Generally cold storage is more secure, but they don’t accept as many
cryptocurrencies as do many of the hot wallets. Cold storage devices (e.g. Trezor, Ledger)
also cost close to $80 USD, where as hot wallets are free.
Asset custody structure:                                                                          A service in which a brokerage or other financial institution
holds securities on behalf of the client. This reduces the risk of the client losing his/her
assets or having them stolen. They are also available to the brokerage to sell at the client's
demand.
DAO:                                                                                              A decentralized autonomous organization (DAO) is an entity in a digital system
facilitated by smart contracts. Smart contracts involve digital tools and protocols that help
support specific transactions or other contract elements.
Multisignature:                                                                                   Multisignature (often called multisig) is a form of technology used to add
additional security for cryptocurrency transactions. Multisignature addresses require
another user or users sign a transaction before it can be broadcast onto the block chain. The
required number of signatures is agreed at the start once people agree to create the address.
Copyright 2018 Jarvis Exchange                                                                    Page 23




v.1.7.5
Copyright 2018 Jarvis Exchange   Page 24





