Revolutionizing  REAL  ESTATE  ASSET  BACKED  Global
Ecotourism Investments with Crypto
Whitepaper




Contents
Abstract ...                                                                 ... 3
Introducing the first investment Aldaia da Pedralva, Algarve, Portugal ...   . 4
Challenges ...                                                               .. 5
Traditional vs. Crypto ...                                                   ... 7
Solution ...                                                                 ... 8
Market Potential ...                                                         . 9
Our Goal ...                                                                 11
Pedralva’s Business Model Canvas ...                                         13
As a Family Village ...                                                      13
As a Bike Village ...                                                        14
As a Walking Village ...                                                     15
As a Bird and Dolphin Watching Village ...                                   15
As a Surfer Village ...                                                      16
As a Wedding and Festival Village ...                                        17
Facilities ...                                                               17
Summary ...                                                                  20
Pictures from Pedralva ...                                                   21
Eco Real Estate (ECOREAL) Securities Token...                                25
ECOREAL investors benefit...                                                 25
Use of Funds ...                                                             25
ECOREAL Token Parameters and Distribution ...                                26
No Mining ...                                                                26
Blockchain overview and benefits ...                                         27
The Pedralva Team ...                                                        28
RISK FACTORS ...                                                             29
Investment range and performance ...                                         29
Risk to changes in regulation ...                                            29
Operational Risk...                                                          30
Dependence on key personnel ...                                              30
Overseas taxation ...                                                        30
Secured...                                                                   31
The issuer ...                                                               31




Abstract
Ecotourism is beginning to attract private investors and other funders who are interested in
financing  sustainable  development,  land  rehabilitation,  wildlife  reintroduction,  and/or
conservation research. That being said, the ecotourism market is not as accessible to investors
who can afford it as it should in the age of decentralization and digitalization.
As capital markets are becoming global markets, real estate markets are no exception despite
the difficulties posed by venturing overseas no investor can overlook the potential international
investment holds out. This creates the need for a new decentralized solution to capitalize on this
potential.
Pedralva’s objective is to introduce cryptocurrencies into this overly regulated and slow market
to facilitate investments and transactions on a global scale. We plan on achieving this through
the utilization of the core principles of the blockchain: fairness, accessibility, transparency and
trust while applying them to an already existing, fully operational and licensed Rural Touristic
Resort in Portugal with a USD Million annual income and a substantial annual profit.. This will
allow us to operate in our clients’ best interest, essentially guaranteeing them an entry into
domestic markets that are traditionally restricted to foreign crypto investments while enabling
them to contribute to the sustainable development of Portugal’s local communities.




Introducing the first investment Aldaia da Pedralva, Algarve, Portugal
Pedralva is the first investment of our next generation ecotourism investment platform, which
will revolutionize and democratize investment and property development not only in Portugal by
facilitating investors to capitalize on their cryptocurrency and invest in tangible, high ROI Eco
Tourism for sustainable tourism.  Our aim is to give crypto holders direct access to opportunities
in domestic tourism markets - namely, but not limited to Portugal, where they can utilize their
crypto funds in a secure, efficient and cost-effective way.
This provides a seamless, quick, and low-cost way to own real estate revenue streams for
investors without any of the regulatory burdens associated with it. Pedralva streamlines real
estate investment by offering a venue for the capitalization of cryptocurrencies and their
conversion in actual, physical property. This model facilitates entry of investors into the local
European ecotourism market by offering them a chance to utilize their vast cryptocurrency
wealth. The already existing and fully developed business model consists of 24 fully renovated
and rented Houses, Restaurant, Pool and Reception in one of the most beautiful regions in
Europe.




Challenges
Existing investment models into ecotourism have immense barriers to entry for foreign investors.
These are, in part, caused by the lack of standardized models on the regulatory and financial side
which make cryptocurrency investing in ecotourism real estate unfeasible for most investors.
Currently there are three main problems in the market:
   Traditional real estate investment processes (including traditional Real Estate Investment
Trusts or REITs) are inefficient, slow, and expensive, while denying investors direct control
of their funds.
   Real estate investing regulations are prohibitive and limit the potential pool of investors.
   Investment size restrictions price out the majority of interested investors.
Nature tourism accounts for about a fifth of international travel and captures $77 billion of the
global market1, making this a promising segment. According to the Rainforest Alliance, nature-
based tourism accounts for about 20% of international travel.2 Ecotourism in Portugal may have
been slow in coming, but it is beginning to take hold through the sustainable development of
seaside and interior areas. According to the Center for Responsible Travel (CREST), a research
organization focused on sustainable travel, ecotourism has begun to stand out as one area that
is quickly growing in popularity among different responsible tourism markets. Ecotourism has
built an influential market base which draws customers committed to a green economy.
However, funding remains a stumbling block that makes it harder for this industry to continue to
grow. This comes despite the fact that travel and tourism investment is expected to reach
US$652.4 billion in 2011 and is forecast to increase to US$1.5 trillion by 2021 (World Travel &
Tourism Council and Oxford Economics, 2011). Tourism is also the top export earner in 60
countries and the primary source of foreign exchange earnings for one third of developing
countries and one half of least developed countries (UNCTAD, 2010).3
1 http://www.responsibletravel.org/news/Fact_sheets/Fact_Sheet_-_Global_Ecotourism.pdf
2 http://www.rainforest-alliance.org/sites/default/files/publication/pdf/good_practice.pdf
3 TOURISM INVESTMENT AND FINANCE ACCESSING SUSTAINABLE FUNDING AND SOCIAL IMPACT CAPITAL




This being said, financing for ecotourism mainly comes from three sources: wealthy individuals,
philanthropic foundations, and multilateral development banks. While other players such as
nonprofits also invest in ecotourism, the bulk of the capital comes from these three sources. Lack
of interest amongst stakeholders such as investors, shareholders, and suppliers in combination
with factors beyond the control of the private sector enterprise, such as government policy.
One of the biggest differentiators between real estate and other major asset classes is liquidity.
Compared to exchange-traded securities, real estate markets are not as organized or efficient as
other markets, which results in slow transaction times and less efficient price discovery
mechanisms.  The  result  is  substantial  capital  trapped  in  less  liquid  investments,  often
concentrated in certain geographic areas devoid of domestic investment opportunities. While
many investors with excess liquidity would welcome the opportunity to invest in ecotourism
development, there are currently substantial barriers to such investment activity.
There are elements of this investment process that will likely require the assistance of specialists
and third party professionals to close such transactions. This is a process that is time-consuming,
involves too many intermediaries, and is associated with high fees. Furthermore, policies that
directly and indirectly impact tourism planning, financing, regulation, and promotion define the
viability of a proposed investment project. Some of the most common investment climate-
related barriers include:
Insufficient information available to analyze opportunities — Investors often lack reliable,
comparable, and timely tourism data and other information necessary to adequately forecast
and plan for development. The inability to gauge potential demand increases project risk. Key
information includes:




• Reliable visitor data, by month, year, point of entry, destination, country of origin, average
length of stay, average daily expenditure, purpose of travel, etc.
• Industry performance data, including hotel occupancy and average daily rates, by region and
accommodations  category,  number  of  visitors  to  specific  regions  and  visitor  attractions,
utilization rates, environment carrying capacity, etc.
• Reliable or comparable data on tourism investment flows.4
Legal and Regulatory Transparency — The investor needs a complete and easily understood
picture of rules, regulations, and requirements governing investment. In some countries, the
investment code is simply a guideline and the investor must research and examine other
legislation, including the tax code, labour laws, property laws, and rulings and judgments from
relevant authorities.
Access to capital and credit - As a capital-intensive industry, tourism projects often require
substantial investments in land, construction, equipment, furnishings, marketing, transportation,
and working capital. Tourism development projects are viewed as high risk due to poor past
performance, lack of experience and knowledge of the tourism sector. Commercial banks,
venture capital firms, and institutional and individual investors often lack the expertise to work
with small- and medium-sized tourism enterprises.
Overcoming all of these investment barriers is a complex, long-term task, typically beyond the
reach of individual investors.
Traditional vs. Crypto
The question, however, will be how these sources of capital choose to invest. While the traditional real
estate market is offers a blind pool, investors can choose to invest in the more liquid open-ended market,
where some managers are working to create service offerings built around the architecture of blockchain
and cryptocurrencies to allow for easy wealth transfer. The traditional real estate market channels offer
a certain degree of stability, but they are slow, expensive and cumbersome. With so much crypto capital
waiting to be invested in the domestic ecotourism development market, it is becoming clear that investors
need a safe, quick and functional alternative to allow for greater diversification across their investment
exposure.
As the number of international investors interested in domestic ecotourism development is
expected to increase, but it takes more time to complete any overseas real estate deal - the
logical solution seems to be turning to cryptocurrency. Investors are increasingly turning to digital
currency to hedge against the weakening EUR and USD, helping the cryptocurrency rally to beat
every major currency, stock index and commodity contract since 2016.
4 TOURISM INVESTMENT AND FINANCE ACCESSING SUSTAINABLE FUNDING AND SOCIAL IMPACT CAPITAL




Solution
Pedralva aims to solve the challenges international investors face by offering an already
developed, fully licensed and profitable ecotourism resort for safe asset investment. It achieves
this by bringing together traditional real estate assets for investment and blockchain’s freedom
of cross-border transactions. While the majority of existing ICOs focus on the collection of funds
for the procurement of potentially lucrative investment deals for investors, Pedralva is able to
offer profits from hard asset in form of a small rural village in the Western Algarve, South of
Portugal, in one of the most beautiful, underdeveloped and visited regions. Lying in a National
Reserve Park, it is ideally suited for Surfing, Hiking, Long range walking, Donkey walking,
Mountain Biking or just lying at the breath-taking beaches and enjoying 300 days of sun.
The unique location, restricted number of building permissions granted outside of the village,
stable and growing touristic income and the growing market of rural vacations make this a safe,
low-risk investment.
By leveraging our industry expertise, the power of blockchain and the potential of the seamless
integration of the domestic ecotourism and the international cryptocurrency markets, Pedralva
provides a safe, transparent and secure venue for cryptocurrency holders to diversify their
investment opportunities and capitalize on their wealth.




Market Potential
Ecotourism is among the biggest travel trends of 2018, according to the industry. According to a
study conducted by UNWTO ecotourism is the fastest growing sector of the tourism industry,
expanding globally between 20% and 34% per year. According to Travel Weekly, sustainable
tourism could grow to 25% of the world’s travel market by 2012, taking the value of the sector
to approximately $473 billion a year.
Since the 1990s, ecotourism has been growing 20% - 34% per year. In 2004, ecotourism/nature
tourism was growing globally 3 times faster than the tourism industry as a whole. Analysts predict
a growth in eco-resorts and hotels, a sector already growing at 20% a year — and suggest early
converts to sustainable tourism will make market gains.
Evolving consumer demands are seeing more than two-thirds of U.S. and Australian travellers,
and 90% of British tourists, considering active protection of the environment to be part of a
resort’s responsibility. A survey of U.S., British, and Australian travellers revealed that 70% would
pay up to $150 more for a two-week stay in a hotel with a “responsible environmental attitude.5
In 2013 alone travellers looking for adventurous and cultural experiences registered $263 Billion
in global spending with 42% of travellers reporting an adventure activity as the main activity of
their trip.6
5 TIES Global Ecotourism Fact Sheet
6 World Travel Market 2013 Travel with Meaning




The World Travel and Tourism Council estimates that the total impact of travel and tourism on
global economic output will reach $9.2 trillion by 2021. In its annual travel trends report the
Association of British Travel Agents (Abta) said that despite a weak pound and uncertainty over
Brexit more Britons took holidays this year than at any time since 2011. Early bookings suggest
that next year this trend will remain stable.
Despite the recent financial crisis, tourism has contributed approximately 3% to global output
over the past decade, including an estimated $1.8 trillion in 2010, or a nearly 80% increase over
2000 levels. Global tourism is forecast to reach 1.56 billion international arrivals by 2020 with
travel and tourism investment projected to reach $2.7 billion by 2020.




Sustainable tourism development is attracting investors as a growing numbers of travellers
increasingly seek environmentally friendly vacation destinations. According to the UNEP Green
Economy  Report  (2011),  global  spending  on  ecotourism  is  increasing  by                       20%  per  year.
International donors, IFIs, and the private sector support this trend. The Sustainable Investment
and Financing of Tourism (SIFT) project, for example, defines and promotes sustainability criteria
for tourism-related investment as well as provides relevant data, tools, and financing options to
integrate sustainability into the tourism development and investment process  (Center for
Responsible Travel, 2009).
74.5% of surveyed travellers saying a resort’s environmental policies influence their decision to
stay there7and are willing to pay more to companies that benefit local communities and
conservation.
Our Goal
7 “Consumer Demand and Operator Support for Socially and Environmentally Responsible Tourism




Pedralva brings a revolutionary way for people to get access to ecotourism investment opportunities in
Portugal through the use of blockchain technology to allow for the fast, efficient and secure transfer of
funds.  By combining the potential for development of a traditional Portuguese village with the borderless
transaction  capabilities  of  cryptocurrencies  we  want to  build  an  authentic and  genuine  touristic
experience that caters to the modern and eco-friendly lifestyle.
The goals is to extend the village with 16 additional villas to bring the total to 40 villas, which can be rented
out as well as modernize the digital infrastructure  (high-speed High Speed Glass Fiber and WLAN
networks).  This  will  allow  Pedralva  to  expand  its  target segments  to  include  younger  travellers
(Millennials, Generation X and Z) who are looking for a unique mix of accommodation and experiences
and highly value technology as part of the experience. Two- two-fifths (40.1 per cent) of millennials
surveyed by Schofields say that “instagrammability” (the ability to look good on the popular social
network) is the most important factor for them when booking a vacation. With seventy-seven percent
using a mobile phone or computer daily while traveling, while 32 percent using one of them hourly -
bringing Pedralva’s wireless infrastructure up-to-date with consumer expectations is crucial to the further
development of the resort.
Fundraising and the use of Eco Real Estate Tokens will help finance resort development and marketing, so
we can expand the fully booked summer season with new concepts to get to a fully booked winter time,
hence doubling or in the longer run tripling the total rental income.




Pedralva’s Business Model Canvas
As a Family Village
Millennial families reported that they intend to spend more on vacations, and they also tend to spend
more on leisure travel than their single and couple counterparts. In 2016, Millennial families went on 36.9
million vacations, spending $50.4 billion, according to MMGY. U.S. travelers intended to travel 6% more
in 2017, but Millennial families intended to travel a whopping 35% more.
Uniquely situated within a National Park in one of the most beautiful rural regions throughout Europe,
Pedralva is well suited to appeal to the growing segment of families with children. As families become
more quality and price conscious, they are looking for a combination of good facilities and the right
balance of safety and fun. Their holiday in Pedralva combines fun with cultural enrichment and higher-
end experiences. We have developed an all-inclusive package - especially popular among families, due to
its convenience and control over expenditure. Eco awareness already starts in school, making children
very interested in eco travel. Pedralva offers family-friendly, memorable experiences, including fun,
educational, unique and safe activities. Key elements of the Pedralva Family Village experience are:
Swimming Pool
Surf School
Bike Station and Bike Rental
Boat Trips




Offroad Trips
Wildlife Watching
Geochatching
Pottery
As a Bike Village
In a few sectors have Millennials had more of a consumer behaviour impact than in travel and tourism.
Travel marketing consultants MMGY Global estimate that 10% of U.S. Millennials plan to travel more in
the future than they currently are—the only demographic on the rise. Millennials seek different types of
authentic, thrilling and/or awakening activities. The focus for this segment is on achieving a connection
with nature via thrilling activities, which can be categorized into two groups:
Hard Adventure: Mountaineering, Caving, Rope Climbing
Soft Adventure: Birdwatching, Cycling, Canoeing, Horseback riding, Cultural Activities
Pedralva’s location and business model integrate a wide array of options that are able to meet consumer
demand for natural and cultural discovery through physical activity. Adapted to adventure market
segment, the resort is built on the pillars of physical activity, interaction with the environment and cultural
exchange. Part of the value proposition for younger travellers includes:
Member of Bikotel




Surrounded by 400km tracks in GPS
4 Difficulty Grades
Bike Rentals - Bike Station
Rota Vincentins Route
Via Algarviana Route
As a Walking Village
Nature and eco travellers are generally very active outdoor people.  They are adventurous and like to go
off the beaten track. They like to enjoy nature and culture in an active way, such as walking or cycling
tours. Seventy-one percent enjoy health and fitness activities while traveling, ranking just below nightlife
(76 percent), and cultural events and performances (74 percent).
Pedralva benefits from trails and routes of different lengths and difficulty to meet the needs of a wide
range of nature and eco travellers. Pedralva has developed active nature tourism products, including:
2 Green Tracks
3 Blue Tracks
Bike Rentals - Bike Station
Rota Vicentina Route
Via Algarviana Route
As a Bird and Dolphin Watching Village
Younger travellers mainly choose a nature holiday to enjoy the quality of natural, unspoiled landscapes.
This is often more important than the level of facilities. They like natural attractions such as waterfalls,
natural parks and game reserves. An increased number of respondents are acting on their environmental
concerns while they travel and see it as inspiring awareness of environmental diversity, promoting a
culture that values the environment, and the importance of protecting endangered locations, species, and
cultures.
Pedralva’s is situated within a unique ecosystem and part of the resort’s allure is emphasizing the area’s
different and unique natural attractions.   We are committed to maintaining the quality of our local
environment and making it known to the growing market segment of eco travellers, so they can rest
assured that their visits have minimal environmental and social impact. This is essential to the appeal of
our destination as well as for sustainability. We are highlighting the great natural biodiversity through:
Dolphin tours
Bird watching tours




As a Surfer Village
Nighty-five percent of surveyed millennials state that venturing out of their comfort zones and learning
new things is a priority, right behind dining (91 percent), fun attractions (90 percent) and sightseeing (88
percent). As consumers are demanding more individual and authentic travel experiences, nature and
ecotourism go hand-in-hand with adventure tourism.
Offering more flexible itineraries, to create unique holiday experiences is now expected of eco resorts.
The Millennial fitness + happiness idea of health means that many touchpoints of a destination are
important. According to Virtuoso, the global network of luxury travel agencies, the #2 trend for 2017 is
active and adventure travel. Millennials expect (fast WiFi) and might desire (like skydiving, ziplining and
other high-adrenaline adventures like surfing and off-roading).
Pedralva is ideally situated to offer a unique experience in terms of:
Perfect location
Best Surf hotspots in Europe
Surf School
Close to pristine beaches




As a Wedding and Festival Village
Exotic destinations for wedding celebrations will continue to trend in 2018, especially in locations where
you can get off the grid. For the travel-obsessed millennial generation destination weddings are becoming
the norm. Based on data from The Knot Real Wedding Study, there are more than 350,000 destination
weddings each year. Of those, 23% are held in Europe.
For younger generations weddings are all about new experiences rather than tradition. Based on a recent
survey by research company Ypulse, millennial wedding guests are noticing couples prioritize guest
experience, comfort, their unique relationship and, most importantly, a fun celebration. Rustic weddings,
country locales and rural spots remain highly sought-after settings for weddings and celebrations. Couples
are showing their unique style by choosing unexpected places to wed and are willing to pay higher prices
for personalization and unique experiences.
Pedralva meets all requirements for a destination wedding spot:
Unique location
Catering available
Decoration
Band hire
Guest Activities
Child-friendly
Facilities
Accommodation expectations are also changing with the most-preferred accommodation type cited being
a full-service eco hotel or resort. This means a business with many rooms or a complex of stand-alone
villas, a lobby and a limited number employees. Younger generations are increasingly looking for resorts
that build on the fundamental transformation of consumer preference for low-cost, low-barrier, locally
unique accommodation. The deep focus on place and localism needs to be expressed through a resort’s
ability to reflect and channel its surroundings.




Eco travellers also like to discover the local culture and its people with 58% saying their hotel choice is
influenced by the support the hotel gives to the local community. To do this, they want to interact with
locals. The majority of U.S. (57%), Australian (62%), and British (74%) travellers favour hotels that employ
local staff, and even higher proportions from each country expect that their hotels “guarantee good wages
and working conditions,” state surveys completed in 2002.8
Part of Pedralva’s value proposition is its authentic ambiance - achieved through careful restoration of
the cultural heritage of the complex to the benefit of local communities and conservation of nature. The
limited number of building permissions and protected status of the National Reserve Park are erasing the
line between ‘accommodation’ and ‘place’ to create an immersive experience of cultural, environmental
and social importance.
These factors enhance the overall stay for each guest, because they’re adding to their perspective of a
destination while integrating them into local culture by exposing them to unique experiences they would
otherwise not have access to.
The investment in Pedralva’s development is consistent with the responses of the millennial travel group
who value comfort and connectivity, above everything else. Free Internet and WiFi access is clearly the
most desirable hotel amenity (51% very desirable and 68% desirable), followed by privacy (39% and 57%)
according to industry research. The high-ticket amenity of a swimming pool (33% and 50%) ranks third. In
choosing a holiday, “the three main criteria are weather, cost and good facilities” and Pedralva is well
equipped, fully licensed and developed to satisfy these requirements alongside additional ones, such as
social investment, and eco-labels.
8 Center on Ecotourism and Sustainable Development,  “Traveller’s Philanthropy: Helping Communities Build
Economic Assets and Sustain Environmental and Cultural Resources in an Era of Rapid Globalization.” January 2004




Keeping its focus on the Millennial appetite for exclusive and local experiences, Pedralva offers:
24 rented Houses
Fully licensed Restaurant
Reception
Pool




Summary
Aldeia da Pedralva is lying in a National Reserve Park, it is ideally located for Surfing, Hiking, Long range
walking, Donkey walking, Mountain Biking or just lying at the breathtaking beaches and enjoying 300 days
of sun.
It is ideal for Children to be out in a rural National Park and to learn about Nature Experience, Donkey,
Birds, Dolphins, Beans hence pure nature.
Aldeia da Pedralva was brought to live by António Ferreira when he decided to renovate and restore this
beautiful little village starting years back. Historically Pedralva was once a thriving little traditional
Portuguese village, but by 2006 there were only 9 inhabitants left in the village.
Now there are 24 fully restored houses which you can stay in and that is run as a fully licensed touristic
resort. The transformation is remarkable and the houses nestle alongside a handful of privately owned
houses - and also sit comfortably beside the locals who still live there - and the local farms that surround
the village.
There are plan to refurbish and build another 16 Houses from the proceeds of the coin offering to a total
of 40 Houses to be rented out.
Key figures from 2017:
Annual turnover                                                                                                 >$1,000,000
Total bookings                                                                                                  >4,300
Average year Occupancy                                                                                          >46%
Guest booking growth 2016/17                                                                                    >15% p.a.
Pedralva Rural Touristic Resort Revenue 2011 - 2023
(2018-2023 gross revenue prognosis from 2019 including 16 new build Houses)




Pictures from Pedralva




Eco Real Estate (ECOREAL) Securities Token
The ECOREAL Tokens reflect a fractional ownership in the Aldia da Pedralva Resort.
ECOREAL investors benefit
All of the net revenue of the Pedralva tourist resort (after costs, expenses, management and taxes) will
be distributed to the ECOREAL Token each year.
Use of Funds
Funds collected will be invested into the village of Pedralva. Acquire most of the village including 24
houses, restaurant and reception
Plus building up another 16 houses on existing land parcels




ECOREAL Token Parameters and Distribution
Token:                                                                                                    Securities Token
Name:                                                                                                     Eco Real Estate Token
ECOREAL TOKEN issued:                                                                                     1,000,000,000 ECOREAL
ECOREAL for this Project:                                                                                 125,000,000 ECOREAL
Token shortcut:                                                                                           ECOREAL
Exchange rate:                                                                                            1 ETH = 5000 ECOREAL
Project Protocol:                                                                                         ERC20
No Mining
ECOREAL Tokens are not mineable. As a securities token built on the ERC20 standard, they will represent
a fractional ownership in the investment through the token in all assets that the ECOREAL Token is
representing.




Blockchain overview and benefits
The main benefits of the adoption of Bitcoin payments in the traditional real estate investment market
are:
Speed processing. In many countries, investment in real estate development can take more than a month.
Where the purchase involves KYC and traditional loan application, this period can extend to several
months. These timelines exclude the buyer’s search for an asset on the market.
It takes extended periods to finalize transactions because of the processes involved in collecting, verifying
and authenticating documentations from different databases.
Cut costs. In making real estate transactions transparent and fast, transactions on the blockchain can also
reduce the costs involved. This is possible through the elimination of third-party services used by
traditional financial institutions.
Reduce fraud. Even with long and cumbersome processes of verification, fraud is a common problem in
the real estate market.  Acts of fraud are committed by investors, developers, and even financing agents.
Pedralva’s already existing property assets and verified partners allows us to put and store all records in
a centralized system, making it difficult for any of the parties in a transaction to engage in fraudulent
activities.
Ultimately, Pedralva will facilitate the capitalization of the vast cryptocurrency wealth by introducing it
into an already existing and fully developed business model, thus enabling quicker, safer transfer of capital
oversees and the investment in tangible assets in a high ROI market.
This innovative model will allow for the democratization of the uses of cryptocurrency, taking it out of the
blockchain and facilitating its integration with existing, high valuation markets. By taking blockchain’s
underlying fund technology and moving it into the ‘real world’, Pedralva is allowing for the movement of
money through the blockchain to make it more mainstream, increase liquidity and control of wealth
transfer to the benefit of local European communities and natural habitats.




The Pedralva Team
Bodo Laux
As a senior manager, his professional expertise and experience span 35 years across Management,
Marketing, private equity and investment service. Most recently Bodo fulfilled the role of Partner at Ryss
& Lynx in Dubai for 15 years.
He has held a leading role in asset management, mutual fund management, investment and consulting
projects involving types of real estate operation and/or investment as well as commodities and other
profit generating business to the wealth of investors.
Bodo joined the Pedralva Team several years ago when he saw the potential of the picturesque
Portuguese village for further development.
Antonio Ferreira
Antonio has been with Pedralva since its inception and has built the project from the ground up with his
own hands and the help of friends.
He is the heart and the soul of this Project and is pushing for getting it to the next level with new ideas for
the modern generation and enhanced capacity.
He is responsible for managing the facilities and employees. He is the perfect guy at the right place.
The employees
Up to ten hard working people on premise at all times we select personally to ensure they share our values
and vision for the development of Pedralva.




RISK FACTORS
An investment in the Eco Real Estate Token involves certain risks. Prospective Investors should carefully
consider, with their own independent financial and other professional advisors, the following risk factors
and other investment considerations as well as all the other information contained in the Eco Real
Estate Token before deciding to acquire Eco Real Estate Token’s. Prospective Investors should ensure
that they fully understand the nature of the Eco Real Estate Token as well as the extent of their
exposure to risks associated with an investment in the Eco Real Estate Token - including a risk of loss of
part or all their investment.
The risk factors set out below are a summary of the principal risks associated with an investment in Eco
Real Estate Token:
Risks relating to the Issuer
Investment range and performance
The Issuer will be dependent upon the Directors successful implementation of the Issuer’s investment
strategy, and of generating attractive returns. This implementation in turn will be subject to a number
factors, including market conditions and the timing of investments relative to market conditions which
are inherent in the property development industry, many of which are beyond the control of the Issuer
and difficult to predict. A key factor influencing the Issuer’s investment returns will be the performance
of the Portuguese property market, and in particular the property market in the South Portugal, where
the Issuer anticipates a high proportion of its investments taking place. Adverse conditions in the
property market in the South of Portugal may affect the profitability of the Issuer.
Risks related to the Issuer’s investment in the property market
The Issuer is exposed to general development risks. The risks of development or refurbishment include,
but are not limited to, delays in timely completion of the project; cost overruns; poor quality
workmanship and/or design; insolvency of building contractors and professional teams and inability to
rent or inability to rent at a level sufficient to generate profits, any of which could have a material
adverse effect on the financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer.
Property market may experience a possible downturn
Properties, including those in which the Issuer may invest in the future, can be relatively illiquid
investments and are typically more difficult, and/or take longer, to realise than certain other
investments such as equities, gilts or bonds. This lack of liquidity may affect the ability of the Issuer to
realise valuation gains and to dispose of or acquire properties in a timely fashion and at satisfactory
prices in response to changes in economic, real estate market or other conditions. While the Issuer
monitors and updates its strategy to reflect market conditions, the current economic conditions could
materially and adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to dispose of properties. A decline in the value of
the Issuer’s investment property assets may limit or reduce the level of return on the Issuer’s
investment in the property, which in turn could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results
of operations, financial condition and/or prospects.
The Issuer may not identify all risks and liabilities in respect of an investment
The Issuer has no prior operating history and none of Issuer’s investments have been acquired. Whilst
the Directors have a large amount of experience in the property acquisition and development industry
there can be no guarantee that the Directors possess all of the skills necessary in order to carry out the
investment strategies of the Issuer. The activity of identifying, completing and realising on attractive real
estate related investments involves a high degree of uncertainty; this may impact on the profitability of
the investment.
Risk to changes in regulation
The Issuer will be under a duty to comply with any new rules, regulations and laws applicable to




ownership of real estate property, including changes to planning laws and environmental factors.
Approvals, licences and permits are, as a practical matter, subject to the discretion of the applicable
governments or governmental offices. The Issuer must comply with existing standards, laws and
regulations that may entail greater or lesser costs and delays, depending on the nature of the activity to
be permitted and the permitting authority. New laws and regulations could have a material adverse
impact on the Issuer’s results of operations and financial condition. The Issuer’s intended activities will
be dependent upon the grant and maintenance of appropriate licences, leases, permits and regulatory
consents which could subsequently be withdrawn or made subject to limitations. There can be no
assurance that they will be granted, renewed or, if so, on what terms.
Operational Risk
Operational risk and losses can result from external and internal failures or inadequacies, failure to
comply with regulatory requirements and conduct of business rules, natural disasters or the failure of
external systems, for example, those of the Issuer’s contractual counterparties.
Terrorist acts, other acts of war or hostility and geopolitical, pandemic or other such events may result
in economic and political uncertainties which could have a material adverse effect on Portugal and
international economic conditions and more specifically on the Issuer’s results of operations, financial
condition or prospects. Notwithstanding anything in this risk factor, this risk factor should not be taken
as implying that the Issuer will be unable to comply with its obligations as a Company with Eco Real
Estate Token admitted.
Dependence on key personnel
The Issuer’s future performance and success is substantially dependent on the continued services and
continuing contributions of its Directors and senior management. Although the Issuer has agreed
contractual arrangements to secure the services of the Directors, the retention of these services cannot
be guaranteed. The loss of the services of any of the Issuer’s executive officers or senior management
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business.
The Issuer’s future success will also depend on its ability to attract and retain additional suitably
qualified and experienced employees. There can be no guarantee that the Issuer will be able to attract
and retain such employees, and failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on the financial
condition, results or operations of the Issuer.
Overseas taxation
The Issuer may be subject to tax under the tax rules of the jurisdictions in which it invests. Although the
Issuer will endeavour to minimise any such taxes this may affect the performance of the business which
may affect the Issuer’s ability to provide returns to Bondholders.
Changes in tax legislation or practice
Statements in this document concerning the taxation of Eco Real Estate Token holders or the Issuer are
based on International tax law and practice as at the date of this document. Any changes to the tax
status of the Issuer or any of its underlying investments, or to tax legislation or practice (in jurisdictions
in which the Issuer invests), could affect the value of investments held by the Issuer, affect the Issuer’s
ability to provide returns to Eco Real Estate Token holders and affect the tax treatment for Eco Real
Estate Token holders of their investments in the Issuer (including the applicable rates of tax and
availability of reliefs).
Risk of damage to reputation and negative publicity
The Issuer’s ability to retain existing management contracts and client relationships and to attract new
business is dependent on the maintenance of its reputation. The Issuer is vulnerable to adverse market
perception as it operates in an industry where a high level of integrity and client trust is paramount. Any
perceived, actual or alleged mismanagement, fraud or failure to satisfy the Issuer’s responsibilities, or
the negative publicity resulting from such activities or the allegation by a third party of such activities




(whether well founded or not) associated with the Issuer, could have a material adverse effect on the
financial condition, results or operations of the Issuer.
Litigation
Legal proceedings may arise from time to time in the course of the Issuer’s businesses. The Directors
cannot preclude that litigation may be brought against the Issuer and that such litigation could have a
material adverse effect on the financial condition, results or operations of the Issuer. Risks related to
the Eco Real Estate Tokens generally
The EU Directive on the taxation of savings income may result in the imposition of withholding taxes in
certain jurisdictions
Under Council Directive 2003/48/EC on the taxation of savings income (the Savings Directive), Member
States are required to provide to the tax authorities of other Member States details of certain payments
of interest or similar income paid or secured by a person established in a Member State to or for the
benefit of an individual resident in another Member State or certain limited types of entities established
in another Member State. For a transitional period, Austria is required (unless during that period it
elects otherwise) to operate a withholding system in relation to such payments. The end of the
transitional period is dependent upon the conclusion of certain other agreements relating to
information exchange with certain other countries. A number of non-EU countries and territories
including Switzerland have adopted similar measures (a withholding system in the case of Switzerland).
If a payment were to be made or collected through a Member State which has opted for a withholding
system and an amount of, or in respect of, tax were to be withheld from that payment, the Issuer nor
any other person would be obliged to pay additional amounts with respect to any Bond as a result of the
imposition of such withholding tax.
Secured
Investors should note that the Eco Real Estate Tokens, even being owners of the asset, might, as owners,
rank equally or behind with any debts of the Project or the issuer. There is hard guarantee that the
Issuer will be able to pay them. If the Issuer or the project were to become insolvent, there is a risk that
some or all of the interest and investment return due on the Eco Real Estate Tokens will not be paid.
The issuer
TaHa Limited
Registration Number: IC/2811/10 RAKFTZ, UAE
LEI:25490038431V6IB49A17
VAT (TRN): 100261184400003
Suite 1, Al Harti Building
Al Mina Road, Bur Dubai
P.O. Box 116168 Dubai,
United Arab Emirates





