WHITE PAPER
Release 2.0 / November 2, 2018




Table of content
Abstract                                          3
Electrifying the Cryptocurrency Community         5
Investor Benefit                                  6
Innovative and Open Development Process           6
Electra Sets New Standards for Cryptocurrencies   7
Current Technology                                8
The Algorithm                                     8
The Electra Blockchain                            9
Purpose and Use of Pre-mined ECA                  9
Fast Payments                                     10
Transaction Fees Approaching Zero                 10
Staking Rewards                                   10
Optional Privacy                                  10
Environmentally Friendly                          11
Future Technology                                 11
Electra Ecosystem                                 12
The Electra Family of Products                    13
Electra Services                                  13
Integrated Merchant & User Support                14
ElectraPay                                        14
SocialPay                                         16
Who is SocialPay For?                             16
Atomic Swaps                                      17
Why Atomic Swap?                                  17
Applying Atomic Swaps                             19
Master Nodes                                      20
21
Web Wallet
22
Wallet Subsystem
22
ECA Core
24
Web Interface
Roadmap                                           25
Electra Team                                      28
Management & Development Team                     28
Founder’s Vision                                  29
Disclaimer                                        30




Abstract
Electra  is  an  open-source  community  cryptocurrency  project  featuring
decentralized and distributed governance. Electra’s foundation is a blockchain
based on the NIST5 algorithm, guaranteeing fast and secure transactions with
nearly non-existent transaction costs.
Electra’s  goal  is  to  become  the  electric  current  of  the  cryptocurrency
community. Our vision is to advance the evolution of our economic system as
originally proposed by Satoshi Nakamoto.
Electra is a unique cryptocurrency in that it is both a development project and
a contract. Despite being a fully operational cryptocurrency at present, Electra
is an ongoing development project subject to review, innovation, and updating.
Electra is also a contract in that it offers the investor full participation in the
development process, including but not limited to the following.
3




l  Access to the Electra community
l  The right to obtain project information
l  Involvement in the development decisions
l  Comprehensive voting rights
l  Access to technical support
The Electra Blockchain and the ECA coin are a product of the combined
skills  and  abilities  of an  ever-growing  community  of coders,  developers,
business  professionals  and  other  contributors.  ECA  is  built  on  a  fully
functional and feature rich blockchain with a stable and solid foundation.
This foundation pro-  vides  the  reliable platform  needed  for our talented
community of developers  to innovate, invent and build upon. Blockchain
technology evolves on a daily  basis. As this technology improves, ECA’s
foundation will expand and grow in tandem with the latest innovations.
Digital currency was created to bring change to the financial world through
the decentralisation and disintermediation of the global financial ecosystem.
Progress towards this goal has thus far been inhibited by insufficient technical
tools that alone are simply not enough to affect mass adoption of blockchain
technology. Recent technological developments are only now beginning to
unlock new possibilities. These developments have resulted in paradigm shifts
within the cryptocurrency ecosystem regarding the scalability, accessibility,
speed, and cost of blockchain applications.
The  opportunity  for  dramatic  change  within  a  developing  ecosystem  is
unfortunately time limited. Newly developed systems evolve quickly, rapidly
reaching a point where progressive and lasting change is inhibited by the
structures built during each stage of the evolution. As blockchain technology
moves towards structural boundaries within the ecosystem there is a period
of time in which greater freedom of action for the evolutionary forces at work is
possible. For cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology as a whole, that
time is now.
4




Electra is positioned to become one of the main driving forces of change while
these windows of opportunity remain open.
Participants  within  the  traditional  economic  structure  are  attempting  to
employ old logic and adapt to the ongoing restructuring of our economic
system, subverting the original intent behind the cryptocurrency movement.
The need exists for the cryptocurrency community at large to recapture the
original     spirit behind decentralization and disintermediation. The Electra
Project is an effective response to this need. ECA owners are no longer just
investors  in  a  cryptocurrency.  Instead,  by  being  directly  involved in  the
decision  making pro-  cess  investors  take  part  in  the  entire  underlying
structure:  code  innovation,  design,  marketing,  community  building,  and
strategic business development.
Through this process, participants within the economic system are no longer
relegated to being mere consumers. Electra returns the power to the people,
and assigns members of the community an active role in the evolution of our
economic and monetary systems.
Electrifying
the Cryptocurrency
Community
Electra is more than a common digital currency. It is a currency backed by an
entire community of dedicated individuals. Electra’s goal is to create the
strongest  possible  community  of  individuals  who  all  share  the  same
philosophy of  change with regards to global monetary systems. Through
transparency and empowerment, we are shining a new light on a darkening
system. This is not a zero sum game; this is Electra.
5




Our vision for Electra is that it becomes the largest and most active crypto -
currency community within the market space. An active global community
provides investors an opportunity to assume roles as active players and
contributors. Electra is not only a decentralized organization, but a unique
and  powerful  revolution  based  on  shared  ownership  and  collaboration
among the skilled experts throughout our community.
Investor Benefit
ECA investors hold a stake in the Electra organization and are encouraged to
be- come directly involved in the developmental process. All investors are
owners of both the cryptocurrency and the entire structure that exists behind
the project.
Innovative and Open Development  Process
The underlying architecture of the Electra Project is continuously subjected
to multiple stages of validation. Through this process only the most valid and
valuable changes are adopted andintegrated. Any and all decisions are subject
to review, update, and upgrade as needed. Even an optimal system has limits.
Guarantees of reversibility and the highest level of quality are needed. Electra’s
strength is its ability to adapt and consistently meet the needs of a changing
global environment.
Building and deconstructing simultaneously is necessary to create the best
possible product given the current limitations, and at the same time provide
for the ability to further refine the product. In doing so we must accept the
possibility  that  the  existing  product  has  room  to  improve  or  that  the
underlying   factors   of   previous   developments   have   changed.   Our
methodology  allows  for  continuous  evolution  of  the  product  within  a
changing  environment.  The  resulting development will produce the best
possible product at any given time.
6




Electra Sets New Standards for Cryptocurrencies
The best product is the one capable of becoming completely different from its
origins. Today, the leading cryptocurrencies on the market can only guarantee
their relevance to investors for an ephemeral period. What is now at the fore-
front  of  the  market will  soon  be  outdated  and  outclassed  by  innovative
competitors.
As  a  community  we  synthesize  and  condense  the  vision  of  many
individuals,  compare  and  contrast  diverse  viewpoints,  and  examine
possible outcomes. The results of this process are subjected to rigorous
review,  which  allows  us  to  systematically  detect  probable  errors  by
analyzing a multitude of viewpoints. This approach ensures that only the
most valid ideas survive to reach   implementation. To reach our goals it is
necessary to widen the scope of discussion as much as possible and to
extend an open dialogue indefinitely.
The end result is the Electra Project.
The Electra Project’s primary points of focus are the following:
l  Design and build the most cutting edge cryptocurrency
l  Create a financial ecosystem for the community
l  Ensure that the project is driven by community needs
l  Evolve the product over time, utilizing best practices
7




Current Technology
The Algorithm
ECA is built using an algorithm that guarantees security, NIST5. NIST5 is
an algorithm developed using the best features of the five SHA -3 finalist
algorithms   as   selected   by   the   National   Institute   of   Science   and
Technology of America. In practice, the NIST5 algorithm as implemented
in ECA selects the most beneficial attributes of each component algorithm
to  maximize  performance,  security,  and  efficiency.  These  component
algorithms include:
l  BLAKE                                                                                                         l  JH                           l  Skein
l  Grostl                                                                                                        l  Keccak
                                                                                                                                                 Security
                                                                                    Domain     Underlying        Primitive   Hash
Algorithm
                                                                                    Extender   Primitive         size        size
                                                                                                                                    Coll   Pre   2nd Pre       Indiff
                                                                                                                 k=512       224    112    224   224           128
                                                                                                                 b=512       256    128    256   256           128
BLAKE                                                                               HAIFA      Block cipher
                                                                                                                 k=1024      384    192    384   384           256
                                                                                                                 b=1024      512    256    512   512           256
                                                                                                                 512         224    112    224                 128
                                                                                                                                                 256 - log2L
                                                                                               A pair            512         256    128    256                 128
Grøstl                                                                              Grøstl
                                                                                               of permutations   1024        384    192    384   512 - log2L   256
                                                                                                                 1024        512    256    512                 256
                                                                                                                             224    112    224   224           256
                                                                                                                             256    128    256   256           256
JH                                                                                  JH         Permutations      1024        384    192    256
                                                                                                                                                 256           256
                                                                                                                             512    256    256   256           256
                                                                                                                             224    112    224   224           224
                                                                                                                             256    128    256   256           256
                                                                                    Sponge     Permutations      1600
Keccak                                                                                                                       384    192    384   384           384
                                                                                                                             512    256    512   512           512
                                                                                                                 k=512       224    112    224   224           256
                                                                                                                 b=512       256    128    256
                                                                                               Tweakable                                         256           256
Skein                                                                               UBI                                      384    192    384
                                                                                               block cipher      t=128                           384           256
                                                                                                                             512    256    512   512           256
                                                                                                                 k=512       224    112    224
                                                                                                                                                 256 - log2L   1
                                                                                                                 b=256       256    128    256
SHA-26                                                                              MD         Block cipher
                                                                                                                 k=1024      384    192    384
                                                                                                                                                 512 - log2L   1
                                                                                                                 b=512       512    256    512
8




Security
Algorithm                                                                                    Best Attack                                  Work          Depth of Analysis
                                                                                                                              Margin
BLAKE                                                                                        Semi-free-start near collision   71%         Practical     High
                                                                                             Semi-free-start collision        40%         Impractical   Very High8
Grøstl
JH                                                                                           Semi-free-start near collision   38%         Impractical   Low
Keccak                                                                                       Near collision                   79%         Practical     Medium
                                                                                             Semi-free-start near collision   56%         Impractical   High8
Skein
Collision                                                                                    62%                              Practical   Medium
SHA-26
** NIST Competition Summery   http://nvlpubs.nist.gov/nistpubs/ir/2012/NIST.IR.7896.pdf
** Handbook of Digital Currency Bitcoin Innovation, Financial Instruments and Big Data.pdf
The Electra Blockchain
The underlying blockchain of the ECA coin utilizes a modified version of the
NIST5 algorithm with the following properties:
l  Block Size: 1MB
l  Block Time: 2.5 minutes (576 blocks per day)
l  Pre-mined: 1,000,000,019 (Approximately 3.34%)
l  Difficulty Target: Retarget occurs every 7.5 minutes (every
3 blocks)
l  Fee: 0.00001 ECA
Purpose and Use of Pre-mined ECA
1,000,000,019 (Approximately 3.34%) ECA were pre-mined using Proof of Work
(PoW) mining. Pre-mined funds are maintained by a trusted Community Funds
Manager. Distribution and use of funds is determined by consensus. Pre-mined
funds will be used for various purposes including but not limited to the following:
9




l  Maintaining the security and usability of the platform
l  Funding further development projects as outlined by our roadmap
l  Application to new exchanges
Fast Payments
ECA transactions are received in the recipient’s wallet almost instantly and
the ECA received is spendable as soon as the transaction is confirmed in the
blockchain. The confirmation process requires less than five minutes.
Transaction Fees Approaching Zero
With transaction fees on the Electra network of 0.00001 ECA, it takes 100,000
transactions to accumulate one ECA worth of transaction fees (approximately
$0.0004 USD at time of this publication). This results in a cost per transaction
of approximately $0.000000004.
Staking Rewards
ECA features a 2.5% annual stake reward rate (halvening by 50% each year
until                                                                              0.02%). There is no fixed reward per block.  Each  stake  reward  is
proportional to the amount staked relative to the total ECA in circulation.
Additional information regarding the Proof of Stake reward structure for ECA
can be found at:
https://electra-support.org/knowledge -base/staking-explained-
a-few-answers-to-questions-about-staking-electra/
Optional Privacy
Future developments within the Electra ecosystem will allow for the use of
privacy gateways, including but not limited to the following.
l TOR                                                                              l IP2network                                                           l Kovri
10




Users will be able to select the privacy functions best suited to their individual
needs.  The  Electra  community  is  continually  working  to  identify  the  most
scalable   and   efficient   gateway   configurations   to   ensure   privacy   of
transactions.
Environmentally Friendly
The  NIST5  algorithm  utilized  by  the  ECA  cryptocurrency  is  more
environmentally friendly than competing technologies and has proven to be a
sustainable  option  for  deployment  of  blockchain  based  systems.  NIST5
requires significant less energy to run than competing algorithms without
compromising the security of network members.
Furthermore, Electra does not have an extended Proof of Work (PoW) phase.
Electra’s blockchain network is now Proof of Stake (PoS) which results in no
miners and a greatly reduced carbon footprint.
Future Technology
When you invest in ECA you become a stakeholder in a fully open source
project aimed at developing the most cutting edge technology for the evolution
of cryptocurrency. Investors who choose Electra will be a part of this journey.
Current  technology  is  a  good  starting  point.  However,  creating  the
cryptocurrency of the future requires going beyond the limits of existing
technology.
The strength of ECA resides in the contract that guarantees investors full
participation in the direction of the project, including all future developments
and technologies. ECA’s potential growth is guaranteed because tomorrow’s
ECA  will  not  be  just  another  coin,  but  rather  an  adaptation  to  future
societal and economic needs. Investors can be confident that when they
purchase ECA,
11




they are investing in the present and future growth of a unique cryptocurrency
ecosystem.
If an algorithm emerges that is more efficient and superior to NIST5, Electra’s
development team is prepared to adapt ECA’s underlying structure to maintain
a competitive advantage in the market. As Electra grows the block time can be
reduced and the block size can be increased. The adaptability of ECA allows for
the blockchain to be maintained while the algorithm is rewritten from scratch.
In effect Electra is a blank paper for writing revolutionary code. Writing the
code of the future on an already active codebase results in a deployed
structure  that  neither  obstructs,  limits,  nor  hinders  future  development.
ECA’s   architecture allows a subsequent structure to intersect, connect, flank
or replace the  existing  structure.  Electra  provides  a  better  solution  than
existing currencies can and guarantees the community full control.
Electra Ecosystem
In order for merchants to complete transactions, they need to be able to accept
payments from consumers. In today’s world merchants do not have the proper
technical tools at their disposal for accepting digital currency as a form of pay-
ment. Merchants that do accept digital currencies are paying extremely high
fees to do so.
Despite the proliferation of technology across the globe, many developing
regions of the world continue to operate within a system where the ‘Cash is
King’  philosophy  remains  dominant  in  conducting  commerce.  Ease  of
adoption pro- vided by the Electra ecosystem combined with easy access to
mobile Internet in developing countries provides a secure, fast, and low fee
payment gateway for both consumers and merchants alike - regardless of
where they live.
12




The Electra Family of Products
Electra’s family of products can be summarized into the following categories.
Each product will be described in greater detail below.
l  Desktop Wallets (Windows, Linux, Mac)
l  Mobile Wallets (iOS & Android)
l  Web Wallet
l  Merchant Applications
l  Plugins for eCommerce Applications
l  Merchant Mobile Applications
l  Merchant Desktop Software
l  Centralized Online Payment Gateway
Each product will be available to any person who has a need to make quick and
secure transactions with low fees. The development of wallets, applications
and software are driven by the community. Each product will include an
integrated support framework, containing user guides and live support from
the community.
Electra Services
The following services will be provided across all products offered by Electra:
l   Integrated Merchant & User Support   l  ElectraPay
l   SocialPay                                                                     l  Atomic Swaps
l   Master Nodes                                                                  l  Web Wallet
13




Integrated Merchant & User Support
At Electra we understand that the idea of managing a digital wallet and using
digital  currencies  may  be  a  little  daunting  for  some.  We  are  integrating  a
community support system into the Electra family of products. Regardless of
where you are located around the world, there will be someone from the 30,000
plus  member  community  that  will  be  able  to  provide  you  with  support  and
assistance using the Electra Payments Gateway and other Electra products and
services.
ElectraPay
ElectraPay is a community driven payment solution for merchants. The codebase
consists of a centralized payment facility connected to plugins available for most
e-commerce platforms (Magento, WooCommerce, Shopify, etc.).
The ElectraPay system allows merchants to receive payments for their goods
and  services  by  easily  installing  the  plugin  to  their  e-commerce  websites.
Customers will then be able to select ECA as a payment method. The plugin
will convert the fiat value to ECA using the latest official ECA price as drawn
from multiple exchanges. The customer is then shown a payment address
along with a QR code.
When the ElectraPay system detects initiation of a payment, it sends a validation
call to the merchant’s website and routes the ECA through the ElectraPay
system to obfuscate the final payment address. Merchants using this plugin
can be confident that their transactions and wallets are secure and concealed
from the customer.
14




Merchants will easily be able to install the ElectraPay plugin to their online stores
and the plugin is fully customizable to suit the merchant’s needs. Merchants
wanting to use custom code in their own payment page will be able to do so with
the open ElectraPay API. Below is a chart showing the various building blocks of
the ElectraPay system.
15




SocialPay
SocialPay by Electra is an automated application that enables individuals and
organizations to leverage the power of Social Media. This is accomplished by
initiating ECA transactions on a large scale, allowing content providers and
organizations  to  send  or  receive  ECA  within  their  existing  Social  Media
audiences.
Electra’s Social Pay application is currently integrated with the platforms of
Twitter, Telegram, Discord and Slack. As development of this service continues
additional Social Media platforms will be added to include Facebook, Reddit,
Instagram, Weibo, and others.
Who Is SocialPay For?
The current version of SocialPay is designed for communities who would like
to send or receive ECA using their favorite Social Media platform. SocialPay
allows users to send and receive ECA by simply posting a message to their
Social Media account. This message can be either public or private.
Possible scenarios where SocialPay could be used include but are not limited
to the following.
l  Content creators and non-profit organizations accepting donations
l  Rewards-based community building
l  Crowdfunding
l  Participation in ICO or Token Sales
Provided below is an example of how SocialPay may be used.
l  The Red Cross is responding to an emergency situation and would like
to raise funds to provide relief for those affected. By using the Electra
16




SocialPay application and asking their followers for donations      via
Twitter, they can reach their entire audience within minutes. Once the
application is set up, any Twitter user will be able to send an ECA
donation via a direct message to the Red Cross. The Red Cross will
then instantly receive the ECA within its account and be able to
use the funds where they are most needed.
Future  developments  within  Electra’s  SocialPay  application  are  aimed  at
expanding the possible field of Social Media participants.
Atomic Swaps
Why Atomic Swaps?
Thousands of cryptocurrencies are currently in existence and the number
continues to  grow  exponentially  as  blockchain  technology is  adopted.  It
remains a complex task to exchange one cryptocurrency for another when
payment needs require different currencies. Cryptocurrency transactions are
currently not reversible. This requires the use of a trusted third party to ensure
that both  sides of a transaction are resolved, so exchanges are used to
accomplish the trading of different cryptocurrencies. The Electra community
understands the need to fill this void. Atomic Swaps is the answer.
Electra’s atomic swap architecture generates a hash-time-locked contract,
which uses multi-signature addresses and time locks to secure the transaction
at an agreed upon price.
17




18




In a two party cryptocurrency transaction using atomic swaps transactions on
differing blockchains can occur simultaneously and are secured by the sharing of
a private code between both parties. Use of the private code by one party will only
complete the transaction if the second party also uses the same private code.
Failure by one party to send the agreed upon amount of currency or to enter the
correct code results in cancellation of the transaction and the return of all
funds to their original location. This removes the need for trusted third party
intervention.
For example, if a consumer wanted to use ECA to pay for pizza at a restaurant
that accepts only Bitcoin, a complex series of operations must take place as
illustrated below.
l  Access an exchange
l  Send ECA to that exchange
l  Sell ECA for Bitcoin
l  Open a Bitcoin wallet application
l  Transfer Bitcoin to that wallet from the exchange
l  Wait for the bitcoin transaction to confirm
l  Pay for your (cold) pizza
It  is  easy  to  see  why  the  process  is  not  currently  used  in  commercial
interactions at the retail level.
Applying Atomic Swaps
The following is  a list of operations that would be  required  with Atomic
Swap technology employed in the same transaction: paying for pizza with
ECA at an establishment that only accepts Bitcoin.
l  Open your Electra application
l  Scan the Bitcoin QRCode
l  Confirm the payment within the application
19




Atomic Swap technology greatly reduces the complexity of the   transaction
between  customer  and  merchant  by  removing  the  necessity  of  knowing
which cryptocurrency is accepted  at a given location. Both the non-ECA
blockchain  and  the  ECA  blockchain  confirm  the  transaction.  If  either
blockchain rejects the transaction ECA is returned to the customer’s wallet.
Master Nodes
Master Node implementation is an essential part of the ECA development
process. Implementing Master Nodes on the ECA network will provide the
following main benefits:
l  Faster Transactions on the ECA Network
l  Increased Privacy of Transactions
l  Improved Health and Stability of the ECA Network
l  Improved Decentralization of the ECA Ecosystem
To initiate and run a Master Node, Electra community members apply to the
core development team to obtain Node specifications and requirements.
Development of Master Nodes on the ECA network is ongoing. Refer to the
most recent version of the roadmap for target release dates.
20




Web Wallet
Not  all  users  want  to  install  a  desktop  or  mobile  wallet.  Electra’s  Web
Wallet offers an online  solution  that provides users the same  functions.
The following main development blocks have been identified:
l  Wallet Subsystem
l  ECA Core
l  Web Frontend
l  Mobile Extension Interface (Optional)
The Mobile Extension Interface (MEI) allows the end user to access their
web wallet from a personal device. The MEI integrates with other 3rd party
applications                                                                          (Whatsapp,  Telegram,  address  book)  allowing  the  user  to
employ the Electra SocialPay service to send ECA via Social Media.
21




Wallet Subsystem
The wallet subsystem implements all standard wallet features:
l  Wallet Core
l  Send, Receive and Stake ECA
l  Wallet Database
l  Backup Daemon
l  Full or Incremental backups
l  User Defined Backup
Policies
l  Disaster Recovery Process
ECA Core
The ECA Core is the backend engine consisting of the following modules:
22




l  Web Server
l  Reconciliation tasks
l  Guarantees data integrity
l  Synchronization between the wallet subsystem and the database
l  Helper Subsystem
l  Tasks to ensure system healthiness
l  Administrative tasks - backups
l  End-user messaging
l  Database
l  Contains user information
l  User contacts
l  Dashboard settings
l  Configuration settings
l  Security settings
l  Profile settings
l  Wallet information including balances and staking
23




Web Interface
The Web Interface is the front-end interface between the user and ECA Core
and includes the following modules:
l  Client GUI Server Interface
l  Web user interface
l  Compatible with the given baseline of browsers/versions
l  Ability to run on mobile and PDA devices
l  Server Interface and requests serialization
l  Uses secure websockets to open communication between Electra
Core and the front-end system
l  The server interface implements a transactional subsystem
l  The transactional subsystem implements serialization
of concurrent users requests and vice versa
l  Transactions can be synchronous or asynchronous
l  Security and authentication
l  Enforces standard login policies
•                                                                            Login Form
•                                                                            2FA
                                                                             l  Web protection features
•                                                                            Recaptcha
•                                                                            DDoS
l  Private API
•                                                                            Implementation of the wallet API by the mobile wallet
application (also known as Mobile Extension Interface)
24




Roadmap
Below you will find a truncated version of our roadmap current as of the time
of this publication for reference. For the most current version and additional
detail regarding our roadmap please visit https://electraproject.org/road-map
Milestones Achieved
Q3 2017
n   Block Explorer completed
n   Development of pool for PoW
n   Early miners supported with strategic buy offers
n   Listing on at least one exchange
n   Listed on https://coinmarketcap.com
Q4 2017
n   Increase the number of nodes on the network
n   Listed on at least three exchanges
n   Development of online communities and social media pages
dedicated to Electra
n   Complete the roadmap, new website and new block explorer
n   Reach 2,000 users on Telegram
n   Create educational material for Electra
25




Q1 2018
n   Impact marketing campaign launched to increase awareness of Electra
n   Reach 30,000 users between Discord and Telegram
n   Establish Team Account for Electra project developers on Github
n   White Paper Release
Planned Goals and Objectives
Q1 2018
n   Commence ElectraPay project development
n   Release Linux Wallet
n   Commence Mobile Wallet development
n   Release customized Desktop Wallets
n   Implement new GUI interface design with special features
for desktop wallets
n   Whitepaper Update 1.02
n                                                                         (Optional) Coinomi integration for Electra mobile
environment wallet option
n   Boost adoption Phase 1:
•                                                                         Commence Atomic SWAP development
•                                                                         Listings on new exchanges
•                                                                         Target new merchants: Several new merchant contacts
will be started in order to expand the usage
of Electra during daily operations
Q2 2018
n   Release of Mobile Wallets: Proprietary IOS
and Android wallet development
26




n   Payment Gateway Integration
n   Release of SocialPay Application
n   Commence online merchant payment API/Gateway development
n                                                                   (Optional) Tor Integrated Wallets: Use TOR/I2P networks
to boost privacy features
n   Boost adoption Phase 2:
•                                                                   Listings on more new exchanges
•                                                                   Further additions to merchant base
n   Release Atomic Swap
Q3 2018
n   Commence Masternodes Development
n   Release Web Wallet
n   Payment gateway integration phase 2: Continue with the online
merchant payment API/Gateway development
n   Boost adoption: Phase 3
•                                                                   Listings on more new exchanges
•                                                                   Further additions to merchant base
n   Deploy Master Nodes on ECA Network
Q4 2018
n   Release New Roadmap
27




Electra Team
The Electra community is rapidly expanding and organizing in new ways. During
the next few weeks all active members of the Management & Development Team
and their qualifications will be added to the official Electra Project website.
https://electraproject.org/team /
Join  Electra’s  Discord  server  and  meet  our  community  of  developers,
contributors,  moderators, Electrans  and  community  members.  Decisions
regarding team membership are made by community vote.
https://discordapp.com/invite/B8F7Jdv
Our list of team members is subject to change based on the needs and desires
of the community.
Management & Development Team
The   Electra   Management   &   Development   Team   consists   of   core
developers,  project  managers,  community  managers,  UI/UX  designers,
web designers and marketing developers.
28




Founder’s vision
”The main goals I had when creating Electra was for it to be able to remain
active indefinitely and easy to use. A key component to achieve these goals
is an active community. In less than a year, the community has progressed
immensely and is a completely self-governing entity that can act without my
interference. The whitepaper itself is written by the community which may be
a first in the blockchain sector. The current parameters of Electra take into
account security, privacy, speed and efficiency. It is a solid template to build
upon.
The new community roadmap is ambitious and aims to make Electra a premier
cryptocurrency. For these goals, as well as my own, the development team has
been expanded and will also eventually become self-governing. Just as I have
done so far, I will aid Electra’s expansion and provide funding when necessary
for future endeavours.” Electra01
29




Disclaimer
Copyright ©2018.
Electra Project (Electra).
All Rights Reserved. Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
software  and  its  documentation  for  educational,  research,  and  not -for-
profit purposes, without fee and without a signed licensing agreement, is
hereby granted, pro- vided that the above copyright notice, this paragraph
and the following two paragraphs appear in all copies, modifications, and
distributions.
Contact   The   Electra   Development   Team   dev@electraproject.org   for
commercial licensing opportunities.
IN NO EVENT SHALL ELECTRA BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,
OR  CONSEQUENTIAL  DAMAGES,  INCLUDING  LOST  PROFITS,  ARISING  OUT  OF  THE  USE  OF  THIS
SOFTWA- RE AND ITS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF ELECTRA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGE. ELECTRA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
THE SOFTWARE (WALLET) AND ACCOMPANYING DOCUMENTATION, IF ANY, PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS
PROVIDED “AS IS”. ELECTRA HAS NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES,
ENHANCE- MENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS. CONTENT PROVIDED THROUGH THIS WEBSITE AND ITS SIDE
RESOURCES  ARE  FOR  INFORMATION  PURPOSES  ONLY  AND  SHALL  NOT  BE  LIABLE  FOR  ANY
INACCURACIES,TYPO- GRAPHICAL MISTAKES. WE THEREFORE HOLD NO RESPONSIBILITY, LIABILITY
FOR YOUR USE OF THIS WHITE PAPER AND ITS CONTENT.
THIS SERVICE/ASSET/SOFTWARE SHOULD NOT BE USED FOR PARTICIPATION/PURCHASING OF ILLEGAL
GOODS,DRUGS AND ACTIVITIES, AS IT IS STRICTLY PROHIBITED.
CONTACT US:
dev@electraproject.org
foundation@electraproject.org
30





