Kyle Solomon
Adosia LLC
January 18, 2018
technology whitepaper
version 1.7
Mission statement:
to rapidly accelerate the proliferation of IoT deployments
while leveraging advanced distributed ledger architectures to
enable new incremental revenues
ADOSIA WHITEPAPER                                               1




Abstract:
Tremendous opportunities to participate in cascading disruption are presented as new
and exciting evolutions in distributed ledger architectures are coming to realization via
the efforts of select pioneering third-generation cryptocurrency initiatives."
Adosia is an embedded Internet of Things (IoT) hardware, software and transactional
data initiative. Our mission is to rapidly accelerate the adoption and proliferation of
real-world energy-efficient IoT technologies while aligning Adosia embedded hardware
to  participate  as  secured  nodes  within  advancing  distributed  ledger  architectures.
We’re  building  a  suite  of  fundamental  hardware  subassembly  products  and  SaaS
platform  solutions  with  the  goal  of  enabling  an  ecosystem  for  agile  development,
deployment, monetization and proliferation of new class of innovative connected IoT
devices.  We  envision  Adosia  technology  playing  a  significant  role  within  the
decentralized  IoT  ecosystem  by  facilitating  rapid  creation  of  new  and  innovative
business opportunities for OEMs, system integrators, entrepreneurs, and industrial and
consumer installers across a variety of market segments."
Adosia  is  working  to  manufacture  physical  technologies  to  immediately  address  a
variety of real-world applications within select target IoT markets. By making utilities
available to the market today, we are able to establish immediate value proposition
resulting in new revenue opportunities for Adosia as well as third-party ecosystem
partners and entrepreneurs. Adosia is strategically aligning our product roadmap to
deliver high-performance low-lower IoT embedded computing platforms in a manner
that leverages and supports the next generation of distributed ledger architectures."
Adosia began as an ad-tech initiative (founded in 2012), offering the value proposition
of increasing and creating new viewable ad inventory on publisher websites. Adosia
first realized revenue from our ad delivery platform in  2014, and has served over a
billion ad requests for Adosia publishers to date. Adosia entered the IoT space in
Q2-2017 with our first generation spin for BluPonix (subassembly for self-watering pot),
yielding functional prototypes which have been operating since July  2017. Adosia’s
initial WiFi IoT subassembly hardware is in production (paid product has shipped), with
subsequent roadmap products currently in various stages of development."
Our existing technical infrastructure enables an accelerated execution of our vision.
Adosia  maintains  a  highly  scalable  custom  MVC  backend  web  architecture  which
enables rapid development and seamless scalability for agile feature set expansion. To
date we have leveraged the latter expertise to architect and implement a backend
administrative  platform  to  easily  manage  and  scale  supported  IoT  hardware
configurations. This architecture enables an ability to rapidly add new WiFi hardware
configurations to our system, including the ability to define discrete IO pin assignments
as correlated to specific supported subsets of hardware components. This enables
automated  generation  of  device  profiles  to  be  dynamically  inherited  by  individual
Adosia IoT network devices based on countless factors limited only by imagination."
ADOSIA WHITEPAPER                                                                             2




Internet-of-Things and the Adosia Token (ADO)
Adosia’s approach to enabling cascading disruption in IoT leverages one core concept: "
each IoT device IO pin will entail remotely configurable functionality to enable
near-endless application configuration profiles limited only by user imagination
Each hardware component or sensor associated with an Adosia IoT hardware device
can be setup to trigger external alerts or notifications, or to switch arbitrary digital IO to
activate other local or external device components. Adosia IoT device profiles can be
easily updated, and will soon support time-specific activation of device profiles. This
approach to hardware control and customization enables Adosia IoT platform users the
ability to create custom and personalized use cases for a better quality of life. This is a
tremendous advancement and offers a number of new benefits."
The greatest benefit in approaching IoT management at a pin-component granularity is
the wide array of diverse and application-specific implementations that can be instantly
derived and implemented using a single common base hardware configuration. With
this  model  target  IoT  applications  will  increase  exponentially  with  each  new  IoT
hardware configuration Adosia releases."
While the current Adosia IoT remote management platform is a centralized application
deployment, it is our goal to either leverage, or partner with, a highly sophisticated
distributed  ledger  architecture  initiative  to  create  additional  incremental  revenue
opportunities by:"
• securing Adosia IoT device profiles to enable further differentiated SaaS offerings"
• enabling personal IoT data ownership and differentiated IoT data marketplaces"
• aligning  IoT  hardware  requirements  to  enable  participation  as  secured  nodes
within the next-generation of advancing distributed ledger architectures"
The  Adosia  (ADO)  token  will  be  deployed  for  use  within  an  advanced  sidechain-
enabled  distributed  ledger  architecture.  ADO  will  be  the  base  currency  utilized  to
facilitate transactions within the following Adosia revenue models:"
• inbound payments for Adosia IoT hardware"
• wireless solar battery adapter to power/enhance Adosia sensors"
• solar battery adapter for low power WiFi computing baseboard"
• outbound payments on cryptocurrency revenues from Adosia IoT device mining"
ADOSIA WHITEPAPER                                                                                3




Hardware Productization - IoT Building Blocks
Adosia is committed to maintaining sophisticated engineering capabilities to instill an
ongoing culture rooted in rapid innovation. This approach will ensure Adosia’s ongoing
ability to navigate, induce, and participate in cascading disruption while deploying a
variety of high potential IoT initiatives. All Adosia IoT hardware will support remote
upgradeability to ensure rapid deployment development and to permit an ongoing
expansion of feature sets."
Hobby Kits
The first generation of Adosia IoT products are being released in form of various hobby
kit subassemblies. This approach enables immediate paths to revenue, while allotting
appropriate fielding for Adosia to gather application-specific requirements for the next
generation of Adosia IoT products. This approach also enables an low-risk production
environment where the Adosia IoT management platform can be refined. Adosia hobby
kits  will  consist  of  both  open  hardware  components  and  custom  electronics
manufactured  by  Adosia,  and  will  be  pin-compatible  with  popular  open  source
hardware computing modules such as Arduino for optimal early adoption."
Embedded Computing Modules
The next generation of Adosia IoT products will entail development of select low-power
high-performance embedded IoT computing hardware modules to serve as a core set
of  microprocessing  subassemblies.  These  computing  modules  are  designed
specifically to enable a wide variety of next-generation wirelessly connected products,
with feature sets ranging from WiFi and Bluetooth connectivity, customizable digital IO,
encrypted flash, touch sense, variable expansion, IR, and support for multi-channel
analog  inputs.     Adosia  intends  to  align  this  segment  of  our  roadmap  for  optimal
synergy and participation within advanced distributed ledger ecosystems."
Application-Specific Consumer and Industrial Products
While the Adosia IoT ecosystem will enable entrepreneurs to rapidly deploy solutions
addressing  specific  real-world  problems  that  viable  businesses  can  be  built  upon,
Adosia  will  continually  work  to  identity  and  pursue  non-cannibalistic  product
opportunities within our IoT ecosystem targeting industrial and consumer applications."
with each product line then transitioning into vertical-specific subassemblies usable by
third-party entrepreneurs and system integrators interested in creating their own unique
product offerings. Adosia plans to produce consumer and industrial implementations of
select hobby kit product lines."
ADOSIA WHITEPAPER                                                                               4




Adosia IoT Hardware Roadmap
• ultra low-power, IO-expandable WiFI embedded computing baseboard (ESP8266)"
• wireless solar battery adapter to power/enhance Adosia sensors"
• solar battery adapter for low power WiFi computing baseboard"
• dual-core, heavy IO-expandable WiFi/Bluetooth CPU baseboard (ESP32)"
• application specific IO boards to complement embedded computing module"
• analog and digital sensors to enable new applications for existing hardware"
Mining with Adosia IoT Hardware
Adosia IoT hardware users will have the option to earn incremental revenue by using
select Adosia IoT hardware devices to mine or support transactional activities relevant
to cryptocurrency. Adosia hardware operators can be individual users controlling a
handful  of  devices,  or  third-party  system  integrators  or  manufacturers  controlling
hundreds or thousands of devices. Adosia plans to align our embedded computing
board roadmap so as to best capitalize on participation within advanced emerging
distributed  ledger  architectures.  Adosia  is  aligning  dual-core  embedded  silicon  for
these applications, where one of the processing cores will be entirely dedicated to
supporting appropriate distributed ledger transaction activities."
Adosia expects growth in the rate and scale of malicious attacks on IoT WiFi devices.
These  attacks  entail  a  primary  goal  of  establishing  a  decentralized  network  of
compromised  hardware  devices  to  mine  on  behalf  of  the  malicious  party  leaving
unsuspecting IoT hardware operators to absorb the power costs. A peripheral benefit
to enabling mining on Adosia IoT devices is that a general consensus for the specific
mining revenue range a given device family would be expected to generate will be
established. This approach provides an extended mechanism to assess whether any
particular hardware device has become compromised (hacked). Adosia is not claiming
this observational approach as substitute for implementing sound security protocols,
but simply suggesting it becomes a powerful approach when also combined with
security the platform via a distributed ledger."
IoT Mining Revenue Distribution:"
5%
15%
IoT Hardware Operators (80%)
Sustained Operations (15%)
Advanced R&D (5%)
80%
ADOSIA WHITEPAPER                                                                              5




"
Adosia will lead our early IoT initiatives with the release of our first products from our
BluPonix initiative. BluPonix is the first open hardware WiFi platform for hydroponic,
gardening and general plant cultivation. BluPonix makes growing plants a fun and fully
internet-customizable  experience.  The  cryptocurrency,  agriculture  tech,  and  legal
cultivation markets are accelerating, and BluPonix creates a unique value proposition
by unlocking entirely new monetization opportunities."
Configuration possibilities are limited only by the end-user’s imagination.   For example,
in  the  case  of  BluPonix,  devices  connected  to  the  Adosia  platform  can  easily  be
configured  to  send  a  text  or  email  when  a  water  reservoir  is  low  or  following  a
sequence  of  digital  inputs  that  have  detected  motion.  Another  example  could  be
switching on external fans or lights when the temperature reaches a certain threshold,
or for some predefined cycle or time period during any given day. As Adosia releases
additional products, this approach will forever enhance the way we are able to interact
with our homes and will provide a better overall quality of life."
BluPonix has been selected as our lead product initiative in light of current market
conditions. BluPonix product has also been successfully prototyped and is ramping for
production. The Adosia roadmap quickly follows up a variety of unique and significantly
marketable IO boards, all of which will be interoperable and web configurable by the
end-user  in  a  manner  entirely  unavailable  today.     Adosia  have  shipped  our  first
BluPonix Space Hydro hobby kits."
"
ADOSIA WHITEPAPER                                                                                6




BluPonix SPACE v.2.2 IO Board
"
ADOSIA WHITEPAPER               7




BluPonix SPACE v.2.2 IO Board Features
•                                                            dual diode-protected transistor switch channels to interchangeably drive water
                                                             pumps, air pumps or solenoid water valves (5W / 400mA)
•                                                            Interchangeable water level sensor switch and temperature sensor (4.7k pullup)
•                                                            x1 analog port for Soil Moisture Sensor
•                                                            x2 digital IO pins for external relay and / or motion sensor control
•                                                            90º header pin breakout voltage supply rail: x2 GND, x2 3.3V, x2 5V, x2 Vin (12V)
•                                                            dual relay expansion mounts (lights, larger pumps, fans, etc; 15A)
•                                                            WiFi-ready for Adosia IoT, onboard RGB LED
This  functional  hydroponic  snake  uses
Adosia’s BluPonix SPACE v2.2 hobby kit
in hydroponic cycle mode. The dual pump
channels are used to transport water from
the  reservoir  to  the  top  of  the  snake.
Digital  IO                                                  #1  is  wired  to  an  external
solenoid  water  valve  to  refill  the  main
reservoir when water level sensor switch
#1 is triggered. Digital IO #2 is wired to a
separate external solenoid water valve to
refill the dogs’ water bowl when needed.
This  Adosia  SPACE-powered  self-watering  pot  prototype
determines when to begin the watering cycle based on the
soil                                                         (or  medium)  moisture  level.  The  self-watering  pot
                                                             example uses a BluPonix SPACE subassembly with a single
                                                             submersible  water  pump,  water  level  sensor  switch  and
analog soil moisture sensor."
ADOSIA WHITEPAPER                                            8




BluPonix RAIN Analog Soil Moisture Sensor
"
Adosia’s  RAIN  Analog  Soil  Moisture  Sensor  for  our  BluPonix  line  is  based  on  a
modified open design hardware design (thanks DFRobot). Design, schematic, layout,
prototype spin and delivery all within 2 weeks from start to finish."
BluPonix RAIN:
•                                                                                            1st prototypes in July 2018
•                                                                                                                                            eliminates most expensive BOM vendor (>75% cost reduction)
•                                                                                            enhanced for industrial applications
•                                                                                            rapid prototype - demonstrates Adosia agility
ADOSIA WHITEPAPER                                                                            9




Additional Hobby Kit IO Board Initiatives
"
TapLock is a touch-based password lock platform that will forever change the way we
use locks in our homes and businesses. Instead of using keys, biometrics or temporary
access codes, TapLock will utilize multiple capacitive sensors that must be stimulated
in  the  correct  pre-defined  pattern                                                       (password)  in  order  to  trigger  unlocking  of  a
TapLock-enabled device. TapLock touch sensors can be detected through wood and
configured remotely via the Adosia platform.   One use case for Adosia’s TapLock would
entail furniture having a hidden locked compartment to discretely store valuables or
potentially  even  firearms.  In  event  a  TapLock  device  is  opened,  TapLock  can  be
seamlessly configured with the Adosia platform to send alert notifications or to trigger
or perform some other action to be taken by a separate external Adosia IoT hardware
device. TapLock was initially prototyped the form of a locking gun cabinet.
MailMail is a solar-powered WiFi module that hangs out in your mailbox and keeps
record of when your mail comes by using simple motion-detect. MailMan can be
checked on-demand or programmed to send alerts or to trigger any other Adosia IoT
hardware device into action. The prelude to MailMan requires the development of an
open hardware solar-chargeable battery pack power module which will also be used to
power a variety of Adosia IoT products. MailMain is in schematic phase, and its solar
charging module is likely spin to off into its own product family."
GarageBug is a hybrid WiFi sentry that enables remote garage door status viewing
(open/close) and remote control from any internet connected device. GarageBug also
includes motion detect triggering and support for a variety of custom IO configurations.
One practical implementation of GarageBug would be to remotely check garage door
status (to determine if the door is open or closed), while for added security having a
custom motion-detect alert setup to be sent only between certain hours and only when
the garage door is closed."
ADOSIA WHITEPAPER                                                                            10




Adosia Revenue Model
Adosia will generate a variety of incremental revenue streams methodically, starting
with immediate monetization of available Adosia embedded hardware. Aligning Adosia
IoT  hardware  for  compatibility  with,  and  participation  within,  nodes  of  advanced
distributed  ledger  architectures  enables  tremendous  opportunities  to  pursue
incremental revenues."
Adosia IoT SaaS services enable residual monetization for continued use of connected
Adosia IoT hardware"
Adosia IoT Data marketplaces will enable peer-to-peer residual monetization of IoT
field data collected by Adosia IoT hardware."
ADOSIA WHITEPAPER                                                                            11




Appendix A:   ESP32 Dual-Core Embedded Computing Board
ESP32 Dual-Core SoC with Wi-Fi & Dual-mode Bluetooth Features
•                                                               Two independently-controlled CPU cores with adjustable clock frequency (80 MHz to 240 MHz)
•                                                               +19.5 dBm output at the antenna ensures a good physical range
•                                                               Classic Bluetooth for legacy connections, also supporting L2CAP, SDP, GAP, SMP, AVDTP,
                                                                AVCTP, A2DP (SNK) and AVRCP (CT)
•                                                               Support for  Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) profiles including  L2CAP, GAP, GATT, SMP, and GATT-
                                                                based profiles like BluFi, SPP-like, etc
•                                                               Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) connects to smart phones, broadcasting low-energy beacons for
easy detection
•                                                               Sleep current is less than 5 μA, making it suitable for battery-powered IoT applications
•                                                               Integrates 4 MB flash with encryption
•                                                               Peripherals include capacitive touch sensors, Hall sensor, low-noise sense amplifiers, SD card
                                                                interface, Ethernet, high-speed SPI, UART, I2S and I2C
•                                                               Fully certified with integrated antenna and software stacks
ADOSIA WHITEPAPER                                               12




Appendix B:   Education is Ripe
This appendix outlines a synopsis of Adosia’s Advanced R&D “Curriculums” initiative. A
brief  summary  has  been  included  to  convey  an  understanding  of  the  disruptive
potential entailed within Adosia’s Advanced R&D initiatives.   Further details relevant to
Adosia’s Advanced R&D initiatives will be released with future progress updates."
It  is  Adosia’s  view  that  secondary  and  higher  education  are  prime  for  disruption.
Currently the quantity of valuable high-quality educational content readily available to
the general public is near obscene. An individual’s relevant and immediate access to
such content is limited only by:"
&                                                                                               1.&   the individual’s accessibility to a free and open internet,"
&                                                                                               2.&   the individual’s ability to effectively identify and consume desired content in a
                                                                                                manner that achieves their learning goals (effective “search skills”), and,"
&                                                                                               3.&   that individual’s own internal ambition(s) and drive to better oneself via self-
                                                                                                sanctioned continued learning"
Adosia is arguing higher education is already freely available to any internet-connected
individual willing to invest the time, energy and dedication it takes to self-educate
oneself to achieve higher learning. As corporations have already proven they are willing
to pay for such online content consumption in the form of digital ad revenue."
Adosia proposes a curriculum initiative based on a simple idea that we can leverage a
hybrid  platform  consisting  of  a  centralized  web-based  ecosystem  capable  of
facilitating  varying  degrees  of  self-education,  while  simultaneously  incorporating  a
decentralized and queryable ledger to record and measure the extent of an anonymous
individual’s self-learning ability, eagerness and continued progress.   "
Adosia believes distributed ledger technology can be leveraged to effectively measure
an individual’s learning ambitions, abilities and discrete progresses - and over a short
time, that data footprint will aggregate to an effective measurement of human potential.
This  information  could  be  subsequently  queried  in  a  manner  far  more  useful  to
prospective employers seeking to identify strong candidates for employment and much
more effectively than resumes and potentially even interviews.   Enabling applicants to
anonymously submit learning records will also assist with mitigating potential systemic
racial biases that could otherwise exist within an HR chain."
ADOSIA WHITEPAPER                                                                               13




How a Distributed Ledger Curriculum Platform Might Work
The ability to effectively search for content is an acquired skill often taking years of
practice to master, and requires an adaptive attentiveness as search algorithms change
and can be inconsistent across varying content platforms. By organizing content in
detail according to various subjects, knowledgeable curriculum creators will use the
online platform to outline effective learning vehicles for utilization by individuals whom
have yet to mature their own personal online content searching skills."
Curriculum  creators  are  effectively  the  world’s  next  generation  of                       (incentivized)
teachers. They are synonymous with content organizers, and will serve as subject
guides  and  knowledge  retention  evaluators.  Curriculum  teachers  will  create  and
maintain curriculums of various subjects of which they possess intimate knowledge.
These curriculums will consist of any freely accessible information available on the
web,  including  video  and  text  content  both  internal  and  external  to  the  platform.
Teachers will be rewarded with a share total revenue (generated from online ads, from
mining using a students’ client hardware, and as a bounty transaction split for certain
content conditions). The revenue a curriculum creator can generate is proportional to
the level of overall student engagement and exposure their particular curriculum(s)
achieve(s).  Students  may  rate  each  curriculum  and/or  applicable  curriculum
subcomponent which provides the more competent/effective teachers greater organic
exposure  and  thus  naturally  earning  more  revenue.  Content  creators  will  also  be
rewarded a portion of overall revenue generated based on the usage and reach their
content achieves."
Students will have the ability to control the specific datasets a prospective employer
will be able to associate with their identity when applying for job employment. To
achieve  this,  students  will  be  able  to  create  various  sub-identities  within  the
curriculums platform, with the ability to further partition each of those identities into
customized subject groups where knowledge has been accumulated for submission to
potential employers as addenda to a resume. To generate additional revenue, the
platform could enable various data search services to assist employers with obtaining
useful information from student data."
We’d like to begin engaging and building a community having common interest in
significantly  disrupting  education  and  in  exploring  resolutions  for  additional  global
socioeconomic  issues.  Please  see  the  Adosia  website  Community  Page  (https://
adosia.com/community.php) for   more information on how to participate in the Adosia
community.
ADOSIA WHITEPAPER                                                                                14





