Content
17
1. Abstract                    3    Prime Crypto Bank
                                    - Obtaining SWIFT Membership            17
                                    - Debit & Credit Card Issuing License   18
2. Introduction                4
Shipping Advantages            5    Prime Freight Platform
                                                                            18
Market opportunity             5    Prime Investment Fund                   19
How it works now               8
                                    6. The PRIME token                      21
3. Problem                     9    Token distribution                      21
What should we change?         9    Volume of token sale                    22
                                    - Private sale                          23
How does Prime Shipping        11
Foundation help?                    - PreTGE sale                           23
                                    - TGE sale                              23
How will Prime Shipping        12
Foundation do it?                   - Distribution of funds                 24
                                    - Target goals                          25
Advantages of PSF’s
                               13
ecosystem
                                    7. Prime Shipping Fix Coin              26
4. Our vision                  14
                                    8. Strategy                             27
Transparency & tracking        14
Instant conversion & payment   14
                                    9. Financial model                      28
Smart-contract security        15
                                    10. Roadmap                             30
5. Technology &
                               16
implementation                      11. Team
                                                                            32
Prime Payment System           16   Core company group
                                                                            37
Prime Exchange
                               17   Partners                                38
                                    Contacts                                40




ABSTRACT
Abstract
Introducing Prime Shipping Foundation (PSF) — the world’s first payment ecosystem
for shipping, residing 100% in the Blockchain. An online payment system, crypto
bank and exchange for business customers, small and big corporations, partici-
pating in the marine shipping market.
PSF aims to simplify and make transparent any payments between all the shipping
market participants. PSF has developed the PRIME token - the key to rapid and low
costed transactions for freight payment and bunkering services.
By utilising the PSF’s ecosystem, freight market participants such as shipowners,
charterers, freight operators, brokers, agents and bunker suppliers can increase the
efficiency of their operations while simultaneously cutting operating expenditures by
substantial margins.
The PRIME token solves the problems of the shipping industry, revolutionising the
way the world moves goods. This document describes PSF’s ecosystem and the PRIME
token which have been developed to form a transparent, fast and cheap sea freight
market, ultimately making the cheaper price of goods for consumers.
Prime Shipping Foundation started with the idea that a technology-driven B2B
payment processing can provide payments for the shipping industry with significantly less
overhead. All our products are based on the cloud and store relevant data in block-
chain. For end-customers, we provide an online service with interface via
modern web & mobile apps. Designed not for tech geeks, but for average users, for
businessmen.
3




INTRODUCTION
Introduction
Sea transport has stood the test of time. As society has replaced horse-drawn carts
and caravans with road and air transport system, ocean vessels packed with cargo still
plow 75% of our planet.
But exactly how relevant is shipping today?
Consider the volume:
•                                                                                              62% of the world’s freight turnover uses sea transportation.
•                                                                                              90% of the world’s maritime transport is engaged in international transportation.
Global economic importance:
•   Maritime transport has no viable alternative for transcontinental transport.
Maritime Transportation provides a staggering 98% of Japan and the United
Kingdom’s foreign trade, and more than 90% of the United States’ foreign trade.
•   For many countries, such as Australia, New Zealand, Indonesia and Japan,
maritime transport has been and will remain the main thread connecting them to
the outside world.
•   Large-scale delivery of cargo to some areas is only possible by sea — for example,
the Arctic Regions of Russia, such as Chukotka or Kamchatka for example.
•   More than a half of the world’s countries have access to sea ports.
And the most important thing is that maritime shipping is the real lifeblood of world trade:
modern era transport services about 80% of international trade (UNCTAD 2018).
4




INTRODUCTION
Shipping Advantages
High load capacity                                                                         Lower cost than other                                                   High security
usage of containers
modes of transport
Single legal field                                                                         Practical absence of                                                    Unified standards
restrictions on cargo
dimensions / capacity
Market opportunity
Market volume overview:
•                                                                                          80% of world trade is carried by the international shipping industry.
•   There are over 50,000 merchant ships trading internationally, transporting every
kind of cargo. The world fleet is registered in over 150 nations, and manned by
over a million seafarers of virtually every nationality. (ICS)
•   Dead-weight capacity of the world commercial fleet was 1.86 billion dead-weight
tons (dwt) in early 2017, worth $829 billion.
•   Total volumes reached 10.3 billion tons, reflecting the addition of over 260 million
tons of cargo, about half of which was attributed to tanker trade.
UNCTAD market review.
A massive consolidation is underway in the global industry and the survivors enjoy big
economies of scale and increased demand.
5




INTRODUCTION
The global market is massive and expanding, but in desperate need of modernisation.
Ancient business practices are causing industry players to be extremely inefficient,
resulting in a black hole of wasted resources, time, and most importantly money.
In a world driven by customers expectation of 2 day delivery, customers are continually
expecting lower prices and faster shipments coupled with flexibility and a transparent
transaction process. This is impossible for shippers to achieve with the archaic
model of tracking, booking and compliance that relies on long-hand ledgers,
enormous digital archives and in many cases a full time paid staff.
Estimates from KPMG’s 2014 Global Manufacturing Outlook reveal that limited visibility
across the supply chain remains a growing concern:
•                                                                                               40% of global manufacturers say they lack information and material visibility
across their supply base.
•                                                                                               38% say they lack critical details on supplier performance, and 36% lack adequate
supply chain IT systems.
Supply chain transparency & visibility remain a key challenge
40%                                                                                             36%
admit they lack visibility                                                                      said it was due to
across their extended                                                                           inadequate IT systems
supply chain
According to half of respondents, the biggest obstacle to achieving more visibility is a lack
of mature technology, followed by lack of governance (19%) and lack of strategy (14%).
KPMG outlook report.
6




INTRODUCTION
Owners increasingly experience delays in payment processing and issues accessing
the capital required meet their growth strategy targets. Sometimes such delays are
systemic and can lead to a substantial decrease of the efficiency of asset and capital
utilization.
Some market participants report that delays of crediting USD denominated
payments for either goods, freight or services can be as long as 14 days or even
longer. This situation is especially exposing businesses residing in or working with
countries with high central bank refinancing rates and respective cost of funds.
The ocean market is fragile, driven to overcapacity and pressured rates, according to.
•   Shippers are  more and more focusing on streamlining their supply chains end to
end, looking at reliability, predictability, speed to market, SKU-level visibility,
guaranteed delivery windows, net working capital optimization and CO2 footprint.
•   Carriers need to provide reliable allocations, and high-quality visibility to ensure
your supply chain won’t be at risk in case of disruptive events
•   Clients want variable booking options and service windows, which let businesses
designate which shipments are highest priority and which ones can be allowed to
roll, better tailoring their supply chain to their business needs.
Supply Chain Dive outlook report.
According to the World Economic Forum, reducing the friction around informa-
tion-sharing and border administration for international trade could increase GDP by
nearly 5% and trade by 15% — a boost that amounts to trillions of dollars. Addition-
ally, reducing supply chain barriers to trade could increase GDP up to six times more
than removing tariffs. They have been under managed by both countries and com-
panies. By providing a single view of all transactions taking place among a complex
network of parties, PSF can help eliminate considerable resource waste.
Over the long-term we see that Prime Shipping’s world view of the supply chain can
be leveraged by third parties to continue to enhance the value of our service while
improving adoption by all participants in the shipping industry.
7




INTRODUCTION
How it works now
Shipping freight can be done by air, sea, rail or truck transportation. Whatever the
mode of transportation used, there are multiple entities that will interact with the
freight, and several steps taken before the shipment arrives:
SHIPPERS — are the customers that have the cargo and want to transport it.
They want easy logistics, accountability for their freight and a predictable price.
BROKERS —  are the “facilitators” of the freight deal.
They facilitate the freight deal, coordinate with parties involved, and provide minimal
tracking services. They get paid by the shippers and often ask a high mark-up fee
(middle-man).
CARRIERS — own the freight transport service (air, sea, truck, etc).
This portion of the supply chain often requires multiple legs with different carriers.
Records are transferred many times between each carrier and in some cases
transcribed, leading to inconsistent information throughout the supply chain. This
leads to a lack of transparency which is rare in the industry, because the freight
changes hands many times.
8




PROBLEM
Problem
While the shipping industry has proven to be a pioneer of longevity, it has struggled
to adapt to the rapidly advancing modern world. Among participants of the industry,
there is a running joke: “The most powerful invention to improve this area of logistics
was the telegraph.”
However, all good jokes contain some truth. The reality is that nothing fundamentally
new in technology has been properly introduced to the sea transportation business
since “e-mail”.
Today Prime Shipping Foundation —
is ready to be the catalyst for change.
What should we change?
At the heart of the PSF is a single task:
simplifying and making transparent any
payments between any participants in
the maritime market.
9




PROBLEM
All the payments between partners involved in the provision of continuous marine
logistics operations have several glaring weaknesses:
1. Transfers of funds between participants in the supply chain may not reach the
addressee, and thus be returned to the sender.
Real- Life SWIFT
Message Example
79:  Narrative
REGARDING  PAYMENT  TRANSACTION
GDH9002963590472  OUR  REFERENCE  S0672851529601
PAYMENT  VIA  VALUE  DATE  OCT  12,  2017  FOR  DEBIT
AMOUNT  32,000.00/USD  CREDIT  AMOUNT  31,988.00/USD
PLEASE  BE  ADVISE  THAT  REMITTER  REQUEST  FOR
RECALL  OF  FUNDS  WE  REQUEST  YOU  TO  TREAT  OUR
MT103  NULL  AND  VOID
CHARTERER                                                                               OWNER
Charterer’s                                                                             Owner’s
Bank                                                                                    Bank
Correspondent                                                                           Correspondent
Bank                                                                                    Bank
2. The delay in crediting funds to beneficiaries’ accounts, even under the most
favourable conditions, up to 20 days, maybe even more. This, with the time value
of money, can accrue significant additional or unwarranted costs to beneficiaries.
3. In case of untimely crediting of funds, idle time of assets brings great losses to
all parties involved in the transaction.
10




PROBLEM
4. The complexity of transferring money between different jurisdictions of
partner companies. As an example not all countries participate in the signing of the
OECD protocol, and as a result the de-fiscalization process has made calculations
between the banks of beneficiaries extremely high.
Real-Life Bank
Dear  Client,                                                                            Message Example
Unfortunately,  the  USD  payments  cannot  be
executed  to  the  indicated  beneficiary  bank.
Kind  regards
5. Multilateral conversions of various currencies lead to significant losses of
working capital. Every exchange from one currency to another results in at least
0.5% loss (sometimes up to 2%), if currency is exchanged multiple times, the costs
mount up very quickly.
6. The cost of a single transaction through partner banks can reach several hun-
dred dollars. This, coupled with a large number of transactions, significantly affects
the margins of companies. And as a result — the total cost of service.
How does Prime Shipping
Foundation help?
The tasks that Prime undertakes are both transparent as well as challenging:
Eliminating difficulties with the
speed and reliability of remittances.                                                    1.
Removing unnecessary intermediaries
2.
in making payments.
Making the system for receiving and
3.
sending funds transparent through the
use of blockchain technology.
11




PROBLEM
Blockchain is a cryptographic technique to tie freely created blocks of data in a timely
sequence that everyone can verify and trust. Blockchain (or Distributed Ledger Technol-
ogy) is the best concept to build a consensus protocol in a decentralised real-time trans-
action network where scalability and data propagation time is an issue. With in-depth
cryptographically proofed, the blockchain becomes the center of trust for every organi-
sation.
The principles of the operation of blockchain technology are often referred to as “revo-
lutionary” because of the implications it can provide to digital systems, especially in rela-
tion to the shipping industry. The most notorious and stagnant business process can be
effectively replaced with the work of blockchain specialists, resulting in a system that is
a thousand times more practical and refined. Imagine replacing a cart drawn by horses
with a super high-speed train.
Blockchain will be able to digitise the processes of registry record-keeping for trade
operations and cargoes, and indefinitely improve the area of mutual settlements. PSF
is poised to implement all of this through the use of Smart-Contracts as the basis for a
new level of confidence in trade operations, and a new speed of settlements.
This will bring a single source of truth to the shipping industry, where one unified re-
cord can be trusted by all participants to provide an accurate account for each step in
the shipping of goods.
How will Prime Shipping Foundation do it?
PSF will use special niche cryptocurrency — PRIME token, specifically designed for
the shipping industry and will manage the issuer of the currency, the development of
the technology, and the distribution of the funds raised during the Token Generation
Event (TGE). The PSF Advisory Board will include representatives made up of key
industry players.
So, we can definitively say that the future of the shipping industry is here.
PSF is forming a more transparent, faster and cheaper sea freight market. We are not
only intending to raise the entire industry to a totally new level, while also making the
price of goods cheaper for the final consumer. It’s a win-win deal.
12




PROBLEM
Advantages of PSF’s ecosystem
Instant conversion of tokens with the USD/EUR and other currencies to simplify
the calculations between beneficiaries and in operational objectives within the
companies themselves.
Blockchain technology allows you to track the entire chain of origin and
passage of money, which greatly facilitates the process compliance.
Smart-Contract usage in the conclusion of transactions garants a high level
of security.
Instant payments, regardless of the jurisdiction of the company participating
in the transaction.
First online crypto-bank tailored for marine shipping business.
Intuitive online/mobile banking client.
1




OUR VISION
Our vision
PSF’s ecosystem is a revolution in the shipping industry
with simplifying transactions between market participants
“
and solving the number of weaknesses of marine logistic,
payments and legal operations.
Ivan Vikulov
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF PSF
Transparency & tracking
9000T OF CORN
Blockchain technology will allow users to effortlessly track the
entire supply chain movement from start to finish, including the
DESTINATION: JAPAN
passing of money. This will greatly facilitate the Compliance
process by publicly validating the recording of all transactions on
the blockchain. Information will be encrypted and only available
to participating parties. Miscommunication and shipping/receiving
delays will become a thing of the past — giving shippers and
carriers a unified model of improving communication and visibility.
Instant conversion & payment
PRIME token will lead to a change in the fundamental factors of the
industry’s cost of services. Payments are made instantly, regardless
of the jurisdiction of the company or participant of the transaction.
Instant conversion of PRIME tokens with the US Dollar and other
currencies will facilitate the calculation both between beneficiaries
and operational objectives within the companies themselves.
14




OUR VISION
Smart-contract security
All negotiation will be conducted using Smart-Contract technology,
ensuring a high-level of safety and transparency. Carriers can
negotiate freely with shippers based on personalised needs to
find the best fit for the job. Contracts will be generated where
payments are held in escrow until the release conditions are met,
all the while being monitored through the blockchain. By this
standard, assets and report logs can be electronically verified,
decreasing theft and increasing product visibility for all parties.
A truly trustless digital participation system is defined, and
conflicting accounts and false reports are eliminated. Because
of this inbuilt security, third parties such as insurance companies
can provide new and refined insurance products directly tied to
this newly visible information.
1




TECHNOLOGY & IMPLEMENTATION
Technology &
implementation
PSF provides software solutions which will implement new standards for the marine
transportation market. Once the testing moves to implementation stage, PSF will seek
to deploy their services across many shipping companies establishing a floating trade
ecosystem supported by the PRIME token.
Prime Payment System
The PSF’s ecosystem is based on the blockchain payment system Prime Payment —
a next-generation processing service for instantly settling instant transactions. Prime
Payment service uses PRIME token as a main currency of all operations. Find more
information about the token in PRIME token.
It will be realised with the application of wallet functions and “bank-client” to recharge,
storage, fulfillment and tracking operations on business-accounts. It is also planned
in the later stages of the exchanger will be added to the application and the ability to
bind a fiat card.
Transferring funds with Prime Payment is convenient and fast, requiring only the
authorised public address of the recipient’s wallet. The service will be accessed
through a web-version, and iOS/Android applications. Making a payment does not
require any special knowledge of blockchain or any cryptocurrency. The entire infra-
structure will be stored in the cloud and put all relevant data in blockchain.
This solution will provide the ability to transfer payment anywhere in the world within
seconds and will become the new standard for payment transactions in the sea
freight market, with a fixed commission of $1 per transfer (the commission will
become close to 0 as the technology becomes widely accepted).
16




TECHNOLOGY & IMPLEMENTATION
Prime Exchange
Prime Exchange will be developed for the exchange of USD, EUR, BTC, ETH into PRIME
and back and other popular currency/cryptocurrency pairs. Anyone placing funds on
the exchange can place orders with a required exchange rate, which will be filled by
other users or the system itself. Received PRIME tokens will be automatically
displayed on your wallet in the Prime Payment system without fees.
Later, margin trading functionality will be introduced at the exchange (trading using
leverage). This will attract a large number of traders and gradually reduce the central
part exchange. The SaaS-model will also be used as the technical implementation of
the exchange.
Prime Crypto Bank
Prime Crypto Bank will be free to open accounts for entrepreneurs using the PRIME
token. The bank will also work with the EUR/USD, so organisations can conduct
business using the fiat settlements (settlement and cash services) within one bank.
For the withdrawals the PSF will issue its own plastic card and support cash & payroll
processing. The card will have on the balance of PRIME tokens, with which will be
automatically converted into EUR/USD at the time of purchase or withdrawal.
The Prime Crypto Bank will also:
Obtaining SWIFT Membership
SWIFT stands for Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication, which
is a member owned cooperative, which is used by over 9,000 banking institutions,
securities institutions and corporate customers, from 209 countries, for their stand-
ardised financial messages sending. The SWIFT system basically acts as a communica-
tions gateway that connects banks and other financial institutions to each other, and
allows an easy form of interbank communication.
17




TECHNOLOGY & IMPLEMENTATION
SWIFT membership is a vital tool for banks that wish to work with other banks from
around the world. SWIFT membership is required to specialise in payment processing,
wire transfer services and trade management.
Debit & Credit Card Issuing License
Debit and credit cards are vital tools for banks that are looking to specialize in deposit
taking and lending, and debit and credit card services. Having a card issuing license
allows the issue of branded debit and credit cards of major card issuer (Visa, Master-
Card, Amex). With a card issuing license Prime Crypto Bank can issue own debit and
credit cards.
Being licensed with debit and credit card issuing license, Prime Crypto Bank will be
connected to the processing systems of the major card issuers as a card issuer, so
that when acquiring banks process payments from these cards, they will be able to
connect to the account information in the Prime Crypto Bank to clear the payment.
Prime Freight Platform
The Prime Freight Platform will provide a matching engine to pair “cargo and carrier”
and the mechanism of smart contracts for processing escrow in a distributed registry.
Each smart contract will store the characteristics of the transaction: the number of
PRIME tokens, destination address, origin address, type of cargo, tonnage, date of
delivery. This will allow a shipper to complete transactions safely without the risk of
shipping delays.
Goods can be transported and the available freight will be searchable. Cargo owners
will be able to find and bid via an auction format on the exact type of cargo they can
transport and their location vs. the origin port of dispatch. This will allow the carrier to
optimize their fleet and the shipper to seek out the best combination of  transporta-
tion time and cost via the inbuilt auction process.
18




TECHNOLOGY & IMPLEMENTATION
SMART CONTRACT
Number of PRIME tokens;
Destination address;
MATCHING                                                                                     Origin address;
ACCEPTING
ENGINE                                                                                       Type of cargo;
Tonnage;
Date of delivery.
(Figure 1. Prime Freight Platform)
The system will collect and analyze public information by placing AIS data (Automatic
Identification System in the shipping industry, serving for the identification of vessels,
their size, rate and other data via VHF radio waves) for commercial data on transac-
tions, thus predicting a full business cycle and prompting carriers the most favorable
potential contracts. On the basis of this data, brokers will be able to choose the most
appropriate carriers.
Prime Investment Fund
For investors interested in a passive income with minimal risk, and for storing raised
during TGE fiat funds it is planned to create an automated hedge fund.
Trading robots designed for Liquidity Management will work with key cryptocurrency
pairs, taking profit in USD/EUR. This wil ensure the conservation of the fund’s assets and
stimulation Crypto-Economy. Technically, the trade will be carried out both through its
own Prime Exchange, as well as through large, and the safest Crypto Exchanges with
a dedicated API (application programming interface). For client access to the deposit
fund and an analysis of financial metrics will be available through a single web-version
or a mobile app.
19




Whole PSF ecosystem:
PRIME
Prime   Exchange
Any Other Crypto
Exchange
PRIME
PRIME
ETH
ETH
BTC
BTC
Prime Payment
Prime Crypto Bank
PRIME
ETH BTC                USD
USD EUR                EUR
USD
Prime                  EUR
Investment
Fund
20




THE PRIME TOKEN
The PRIME token
The PRIME token uses Ethereum ERC 20 protocol. PRIME token will be used as the
primary and the only currency for payment via Prime Payment system. The system
will use the Ethereum network.
Prime Freight Platform will implement smart contracts and storage of transaction
history through our own fork of the Ethereum Blockchain.
Prime Crypto Bank will provide accounts for PRIME token to all interested organisa-
tions. As the main users of the PRIME token - legal entities conducting activities in the
field of shipping, they need the bank to carry out lawful operations. Prime Investment
Fund will ensure the safety of funds from investors in TGE and store assets in PRIME
tokens.
The total volume of emitted tokens will be correspond to a 100% share in the Prime
Shipping Foundation group.
Token distribution
In total, during preTGE/TGE maximum 6 000 000 000 PRIME tokens will be issued.
No further token emissions will be possible. A maximum of 150 000 000 USD will be
raised through this fundraising.
•                                                                                           51% of total emitted tokens will be holded by founders team (maximum 3 060 000
PRIMEs)
•                                                                                           35% of total emitted tokens will be sold (maximum 2 100 000 000 PRIMEs)
•                                                                                           11,5% of total emitted tokens (maximum 690 000 000 PRIMEs) will be transferred
to the PSF Reserve Fund.
•                                                                                           2,5% of total emitted tokens (maximum 150 000 000 PRIMEs) will go to the advi-
sors, participants of Bounty programs and promotion agents.
21




THE PRIME TOKEN
total maximum emission
6,000,000,000 PRIME
3,060,000,000 PRIME
Tokens for owners
2,100,000,000 PRIME
Tokens for public sale
690,000,000 PRIME
Reserve fund
150,000,000 PRIME
Advisors, community, referrals
Volume of token sale
2,100,000,000 PRIME maximum will be sold at preTGE/TGE. Any unsold tokens will be avail-
able for purchase after the completion of TGE through smart-contracts at $1 per 1 PRIME
until the full distribution of all 2,100,000,000 PRIME; No further tokens will ever be emitted.
                                                                                                  TOKENS VOLUME                             PRIME/   FUNDING
                                                                                                                        SALE VOLUME (USD)
                                                                                                  (PRIME)                                   USD      RECEIVED
Round 0 (pre-TGE)                                                                                 245,000,000 PRIME     12,250,000 USD      $0.050   $12,500,000
Round 1                                                                                           240,000,000 PRIME     13,200,000 USD      $0.055   $25,450,000
Round 2                                                                                           240,000,000 PRIME     14,400,000 USD      $0.060   $39,850,000
Round 3                                                                                           230,000,000 PRIME     14,950,000 USD      $0.065   $54,800,000
Round 4                                                                                           225,000,000 PRIME     15,750,000 USD      $0.070   $70,550,000
Round 5                                                                                           185,000,000 PRIME     13,875,000 USD      $0.075   $84,425,000
Round 6                                                                                           170,000,000 PRIME     13,600,000 USD      $0.080   $98,025,000
Round 7                                                                                           160,000,000 PRIME     13,600,000 USD      $0.085   $111,625,000
Round 8                                                                                           145,000,000 PRIME     13,050,000 USD      $0.090   $124,675,000
Round 9                                                                                           135,000,000 PRIME     12,825,000 USD      $0.095   $137,500,000
Round 10                                                                                          125,000,000 PRIME     12,500,000 USD      $0.100   $150,000,000
Max for
955,000,000 PRIME                                                                                 $54,800,000.00
private sale
Total for sale                                                                                    2,100,000,000 PRIME   $150,000,000.00
22




THE PRIME TOKEN
Private sale
Private sale will be completed upon reaching the limit of 955 mln. tokens. At the
time of private token sale any eligible person may purchase PRIME at starting price
of $0.05 (50% off nominal) per PRIME depends of volume of sold tokens. Purchase
through wire transfer ETH or BTC minimum in a volume equal $10,000. If you want to
participate at private sale contact privatesale@primeshipping.io .
preTGE sale
During the preTGE stage 245,000,000 PRIME will be sold. Price will depend of volume
of sold tokens. Soft cap — $1 250 000, hard cap — $12 250 000.  Minimum investment
amount — 5 ETH or the equivalent in USD/EUR at the market exchange rate.
PreTGE tokens (ticker: PRIME), purchased during the preTGE phase will be exchanged
1:1 into the final ticker used during the TGE stage and thereafter.
TGE sale
The preTGE is then followed by 10 rounds of public auction at the main TGE phase,
with the price of Token gradually raising to $0.1, which is the price at which tokens
will be placed at crypto exchange. Soft cap — $15 000 000, hard cap — $ 150 000 000.
There are no minimal limits as to the investment amount at this stage.
23




THE PRIME TOKEN
Distribution of funds
Having attracted funding from the TGE, funds will be distributed in the following way:
30%                                                                                      Company products development
Reserve fund of fiat funds to keep exchange
25%
capacity
(But no less than $20 000 000) Securing the
20%
bank license and deposit
15%                                                                                      Marketing promotion
10%                                                                                      For team
Since Prime Shipping Foundation is a non-commercial organization, any surpluses
earned at operations will be reinvested in the development:
30%                                                                                      Company product development
10%                                                                                      Marketing and promotion
Reserve fund of fiat currency to
30%
support conversion liquidity
Investment fund to maintain crypto
30%
economy and innovative shipping projects
24




THE PRIME TOKEN
Target goals
HARD CAP
$ 150 000 000
•   Opening additional sales offices in CHINA, TURKEY,
SOUTH AFRICA, KSA, DUBAI.
•   Opening operating office in Zug.
•   Hiring additional development department.
•   Launching Prime Investment Fund, Prime Crypto
Bank, Prime Freight Platform, Prime Exchange,
Prime Payment System.
•   Release of Stable Prime Coin.
$ 100 000 000
•   Opening additional sales offices in CHINA, TURKEY,
SOUTH AFRICA, KSA, DUBAI.
•   Opening operating office in Zug.
•   Hiring additional development department.
•   Launching Prime Investment Fund, Prime Crypto
Bank, Prime Freight Platform, Prime Exchange,
Prime Payment System.
•   Release of Stable Prime Coin.
$ 65 000 000
•   Opening additional sales offices in TURKEY, SOUTH
AFRICA, KSA, DUBAI.
•   Opening operating office in Zug.
•   Hiring additional development department.
•   Launching Prime Investment Fund, Prime Crypto
Bank, Prime Freight Platform, Prime Exchange, Prime
Payment System.
•   Release of Stable Prime Coin.
$ 50 000 000
•   Opening additional sales offices in SOUTH AFRICA,
KSA, DUBAI.
•   Opening operating office in Zug.
•   Hiring additional development department.
•   Launching Prime Freight Platform, Prime Exchange,
Prime Crypto Bank, Prime Payment System.
•   Release of Stable Prime Coin.
SOFT CAP
$ 20 000 000                                                                                              $ 35 000 000
$ 15 000 000
                                                         •   Opening additional sales offices in DUBAI.   •   Opening additional sales offices in KSA, DUBAI.
•   Opening operating office in Zug.                     •   Hiring additional development department.    •   Hiring additional development department.
•   Launching Prime Payment System.                      •   Opening operating office in Zug.             •   Opening operating office in Zug.
•   Release of Stable Prime Coin.                        •   Launching Prime Crypto Bank, Prime           •   Launching Prime Exchange, Prime Crypto Bank, Prime
                                                         Payment System.                                  Payment System.
                                                         •   Release of Stable Prime Coin.                •   Release of Stable Prime Coin.
25




PRIME SHIPPING FIX COIN
Prime Shipping Fix Coin
(stable token PSF coin)
The emission of stable token — Prime Shipping Fix coin (PSF coin) is an important
step in the development of the PSF ecosystem. All PSF coins to be output will be
supported by the US dollar, acting as a stable currency for digital exchange in the
PSF ecosystem.
Any company, passed the standard KYC / AML procedure can open a settlement
account with Prime Crypto Bank and will be able to buy PSF coin with USD (the rate
is: 1 USD = 1 PSF).
Prime Crypto Bank will open a separate account, called   a “Guarantee Account”, to
keep all USD funds from sales of emitted PSF coin. This account is subject to a neces-
sary monthly professional audit.
The results of the audit will be published openly. Any time, any holder of PSF coins
can exchange stable coins from the bank at the rate of 1 PSF = 1 USD. The PSF coins
received by the bank will be sold to a next buyer, so the turnover of PSF coins
in world trade will always be equal to the amount of USD on the Guarantee
Account in Prime Crypto Bank. That is the way to support the stability of the token
exchange rate.
PSF coins are also intended for payments between participants of sea freight traffic,
and will be used to encourage holders of PRIME tokens.
PRIME token holders can expect to receive a certain amount of PSF coin, depending
on the number of PRIME tokens are held by them and the operational activity of
commercial companies in the Prime Shipping Foundation (Prime Payment, Prime
Exchange, Prime Crypto Bank). At the same time, the volume of PSF coin in the market
will be equal to the number of USD in the Guarantee Account of Prime Crypto Bank.
26




STRATEGY
Strategy
An essential task of the PSF project is
1) Facilitating liquidity inflow into the cryptocurrencies through the integration of
real economy businesses, focused on marine shipping industry.
2) Developing a decentralised, self-sufficient ecosystem to facilitate immediate
payments and conversions between cryptocurrency and fiat.
Enjoying extensive experience and a flawless reputation in the real economy, PSF
values complete transparency in it`s investor relations. Understanding the global
scope and the importance of the concept for the future integration of Blockchain
technology and cryptocurrencies into the real economy, the team is working with
top auditing organisations to oversee the TGE event scheduled for end of 2018.
Audited reports on the progress made throughout the main TGE will be published in
the investor relations section of the website on a regular basis.
Throughout the course of the creation of the ecosystem, the PSF will partner with
commercial banks to create the liquidity, necessary to allow efficient movement of
the value between the crypto-economy and the real economy. The added liquidity is
a key for further integration of the use of cryptocurrencies into real world business.
As the PSF network grows, every new participant will exponentially add to the value
of the PSF’s ecosystem. PSF already has agreements with several shipping compa-
nies to deploy using the Prime Payment system.
27




FINANCIAL MODEL
Financial model
Non-commercial organisations — Prime Freight Platform, Prime Shipping Foundation.
Commercial ones — Prime Payment, Prime Exchange, Prime Crypto Bank, Prime
Invest Fund.
Commercial units will donate a fixed percentage of their profit to PSF for development
and achievement of strategic goals.
Prime Payment is a payment processing service for settling instant transactions with
a fixed commission of less than $1 per B2B transactions and flexible commission for a
withdraw.
Prime Freight Platform will connect the cargo owners, ship owners and freight bro-
kers, cutting cost for transportation by 1-5%. Platform will operate on a 1.25% success
fee. Currently the matching of suitable cargos and vessels is mostly done manually
through brokers or direct communication, which is time-consuming, inefficient and
non-transparent.
Prime Crypto Bank forms an imperative and integral part of the PSF’s ecosystem by
ensuring that enough liquidity is present to facilitate instant business transactions.
The Bank acts as an interface between the fiat currencies and the Prime Exchange.
In the long-term, the Prime Crypto Bank would make use of interbank funding to
facilitate transactions, drastically decreasing the costs and increasing the pace. As the
Prime Crypto Bank will be established as a commercial entity, the sources of income
would include, but are not limited to:
1) trade finance
2) affordable conversion margins between fiat and PRIME Tokens
3) fiat banking operations
4) short-term/mid-term operative loans
5) documentary collections
28




FINANCIAL MODEL
6) Letters of Credit (both classical and smart-contracts)
The main clients of Prime Crypto Bank will be companies, because a “B to B” Crypto
Bank is the very thing business sphere needs.  Individuals will have an opportunity to
participate with deposits beginning from 250.000 EUR or equal in fiat or cryptocurrency .
Prime Exchange allows the ecosystem to operate within the universal scope of all
available cryptocurrencies. This does not only create additional liquidity for the PRIME
Token and the PSF’s ecosystem overall, and with the Prime Crypto Bank acts as an
interface between the real economy and the crypto world. This interface allows easier
integration of the Blockchain Technology into business. The exchange is a commercial
module and will cover its running costs through affordable transaction fees.
29




ROADMAP
Roadmap
Q1 - Q2 2016
Establishment of core freight
related processes.
Q3-Q4 2016
Concept development of ship pairing
system to act as agent for freight.
Establishment of internationally
acting freight brokerage company.
Q1-Q2 2017
Establishment of an automatic vessel
tracking system based on AIS.
Q3-Q4 2017
Core concept development, prephase of
PSF. First Cryptocurrency Freight Deal
Takes Russian Wheat to Turkey.
Q1-Q2 2018
preTGE smart contract development, white
paper and white list. Launch of private sale.
Start of product development.
30




ROADMAP
15.09.2018
Start of preTGE.
01.10.2018
End of preTGE.
15.11.2018
Start of main TGE.
01.12.2018
End of main TGE.
Q1-Q3 2019
Closed beta of Prime Payment
system. Opening а Prime Investment
Fund. Setting up a new office in Zug
for a Fund and Crypto Bank. Filling
Prime Payment System with 100 of
verified B2B users. Opening an addi-
tional development department for
covering needs of Prime Exchange
and Prime Crypto Bank.
Q3 2019 - Q3 2020
Working on Prime Crypto Bank. Opening a
sales office in Hong Kong and Dubai.
Release of stable token. Starting depart-
ment for a Prime Freight Platform.
Closed beta of crypto exchange.
Q4 2020 - Q3 2021
Public beta of Prime Exchange and
Prime Freight Platform. Stable
release of Prime payment. Up to 500
of verified B2B users. Opening sales
offices in US, KSA and South Africa.
Additional 3000 users from foreign
offices.
31




TEAM
Team
Ivan V. Vikulov
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, GERMANY
LinkedIn profile
Master of Business Administration in Global Management.
Expert in the global raw material markets, leader in food industry, crisis man-
ager. Executive partner of Quorum Capital Ltd, Gibraltar. Over 15 years of
experience in international and transnational companies. Integrator of innova-
tions in classical business models.
Brian Heinen
DIRECTOR OF COMMUNICATIONS, SPAIN
LinkedIn profile
Connector, advocate, ambassador and strategy director of organizational and
business platforms. For over 15 years, Brian has collaborated with an extensive
network of multinational influencers, suppliers, and professional resources in
Blockchain, Crypto, Bitcoin, ICOs, Banking, Procurement/ Supply Chain, Food
Farm-to-fork value chain, Open Innovation, Retail, Tech, Gaming, and Enter-
tainment - helping brands and organizations implement business community
development. Brian was the Executive Producer of the Bitcoin Foundation´s
Bitcoin14 Conference.
32




TEAM
Jean-Jacques Elong
FINTECH DIRECTOR, SWITZERLAND
LinkedIn profile
J-Jacques has over 10 years experience in the banking industry and over 8
years experience in the FINTECH industry from mobile wallet products and
product development, acquiring services, prepaid card programs and
decentralise banking services. J-Jacques has spent the last 7 years as Founder
of a Swiss FINTECH company, SMARTLINK SA, that he started from scratch,
obtained a License from the FINMA (Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Au-
thority) to conduct mobile payment and mobile money transfer services, he
successfully raised $1.1 million as seed investment then secure a serie A in-
vestment of $25 million. Today his former start-up company, SMARTLINK, has
more than +100 employees and +30 white label Mobile Wallets used by finan -
cial institutions worldwide, which cover the basic concept of creating a secure
leather wallet metaphor on mobile devices, with multiple accounts, issuing
cards, NFC transactions and more.
Tim Panchenko
THE HEAD OF BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT AND BUSINESS
COMMUNICATIONS DEPARTMENT, LUXEMBOURG
LinkedIn profile
Leading specialist in development of Kohlbecker Architecture   of urban and
business environment (Germany).The head of Southern Russia Paul Wurth
branch (Luxembourg). Founder of the Foreign Business Department in the RSS
Construction (Turkey) . An early crypto evangelist, one of the first to carry out
transactions for the implementation of residential construction for crypto
currency. More than 15 years in the business-management and processing.
Jon Matonis
HEAD OF ADVISORY BOARD, LITHUANIA
LinkedIn profile
Founding Director of the Bitcoin Foundation and his career has included senior
influential posts at VISA International, VeriSign, Sumitomo Bank, and Hushmail.
33




TEAM
An economist and e-Money researcher focused on expanding the circulation of
nonpolitical digital currencies, Jon also serves as an independent board direc-
tor to companies in the Bitcoin, the Blockchain, mobile payments, and gaming
sectors. Jon has been a featured guest on CNN, Bloomberg, NPR, Al Jazeera,
RT, Virgin Radio, and numerous podcasts. As a prominent fintech columnist
with Forbes Magazine, American Banker, and CoinDesk, he recently joined the
editorial board for the cryptocurrency journal Ledger. His early work on digital
cash systems and financial cryptography has been published by Dow Jones and
the London School of Economics.
Jon advocates worldwide for Bitcoin and its disruptive economic implications to
a wide variety of audiences, including members of the Federal Reserve, Bank of
England, ECB, SWIFT, IRS, DOJ, retail payment networks, major financial insti -
tutions, financial regulatory bodies, mobile money issuers, iGaming operators,
information security firms, hedge funds, gold investors, and family offices.
Phillip Nunn
TGE ADVISOR, UNITED KINGDOM
LinkedIn profile
Entrepreneur, CEO and international speaker on Blockchain, Cryptocurrency and
fintech. Phillip Nunn founded The Blackmore Group in 2013. Today it’s grown
into a business with substantial assets under management and a suite of invest-
ment products across multiple classes for individuals and institutions in the UK
and overseas.
With more than 15 years’ experience in financial services, Phillip specialises in
wealth management, angel investment, commercial property investment and
financial technology. He founded The Blackmore Group on the core belief of
giving clients real and tangible alternatives to poor investment performance
and providing “future proof” investment strategies.
Phillip has become a well-known, online influencer in the blockchain and crypto
space and has travelled the world evangelising and talking on these subjects.
Phillip has sat on the advisory boards of many ICO’s over the past 12 months
and has helped structure and fund some of the biggest companies of the future.
Along with his business Wealth Chain, Phillip will be launching his own crypto
fund that looks to invest in ICO’s along with existing blockchain technology com-
panies.
34




TEAM
Trofim Zhugastrov
CHIEF PRODUCT OFFICER, RUSSIA
LinkedIn profile
Master of Computer Science. Over 10 years of experience in making soft-
ware for fintech, big data, AI. Founder, general director of Elonsoft (deveping
software for kronologic.ai, twotap.com, George Mason University, Internet
Initiatives Development Fund (IIDF) pre-accelerator) , product director in Sofin,
IIDF tracker, former deputy director of the Southern IT-park (OJSC «Regional
Development Corporation »), IT61 — IT Community founder.
Alex Zavarskiy
СHIEF OPERATING OFFICER, RUSSIA
LinkedIn profile
Since 2003, Managing Director of Ocean Inc, Ocean City, MD, Fleet Manager
at Gals LLC, founder and managing partner of ABM Chartering, founder and
managing partner of Interchart LLC, a high-level expert in fleet management
and organization of accounting and controlling within the structure of international
maritime shipping. 15 years of experience in the field of freight transport.
Edwin Carlson
TGE ADVISOR, USA
LinkedIn profile
COO of the London Football Exchange a global fan-driven football (soccer)
blockchain based community. He has been involved in blockchain technology
companies since 2013. Edwin has over 20 years’ experience in financial services,
including FinTech and Blockchain technology, and teaches the “Blockchain and
Business” course to industry executives around the world.
He has consulted on FinTech strategy for Bank of America, JPMorganChase,
HSBC and Royal & Sun Alliance. He holds a BSc (Hons) in Computer Studies
from the University of South Wales.
35




TEAM
Malak Al Akiley
MIDDLE EAST ADVISOR, HASHEMITE KINGDOM OF JORDAN
LinkedIn profile
Malak Al Akiley is Founder and CEO of Golden Wheat for Grain Trading, Ltd., one
of the main suppliers of grains to the Government of Jordan & Private Sector.
She is co-Partner in Golden Kayan for Marketing Consultation Co. for Oil &
Energy. Business Consultant in NearEast Group for Energy, Renewable Energy &
Waste Management. Has been selected in 2017 as a Young Global Leader (YGL)
by the World Economic Forum which is to recognize the most distinguished
leaders under the age of 40, the selection recognizes the record of professional
accomplishments, commitment to society, and potential to contribute to shap-
ing the future of the world through leadership.
Alex Gogunsky
SHIPPING ADVISOR, UKRAINE
LinkedIn profile
Alex Gogunsky, Senior Chartering Manager, Aquavita International, S.A. Began
career as a computer specialist, but always loved the sea, decided to merge
both favourite activities. Started as a ship agent, passed through all the steps
heading to chartering. Presently Senior Chartering Manager at Aquavita Inter-
national S.A.— handy and supramax desks within all the basins.
36




CORE COMPANY GROUP
Core company group
QUORUM CAPITAL LTD, GIBRALTAR
International Commodity Trading company enjoying a
high level of reputation and integrity within the cash
commodity market. The venture was founded in 2017
with its turnover in value of the goods in Q3-Q4 2017
already exceeding 180 Million USD.
INTERCHART LLC
An internationally recognized freight operator founded
by a team of professionals with over 15 years of experi-
ence in shipping and supply-chain management. An-
nual physically moved tonnage exceeds 500.000 Metric
Tons.
37




PARTNERS
Partners
NEW AGE CONSULTANCY CORPORATION
is consulting clients on operations, strategy and legal
aspects of international transactions and contracts.
Their clients range from local exporters to transnation-
al cooperations active in the global commodity trade.
DELTRADE LLC
is an exporter of agricultural products out of the Black
Sea region. Investments into the supply chain repre-
sent an important part of archieving sustainable opera-
tions on such a competitive market. Deltrade operates
their own fleet of trucks used for procurement of the
goods.
ELONSOFT LLC
is software development company focused on web
and blockchain solutions. Specialised in Ruby on Rails,
Phoenix, AngularJS, React and Ethereum. Works with
customers from USA, Europe, Australia. Production
based in Russia.
38




PARTNERS
GALS LTD
was founded in 2006 as company providing agency &
brokering services. Relying on the vast experience of
our staff and long lasting cooperation with major play-
ers of chartering market. “GALS” Agency department
represents the interests both: ship owners and charter-
ers in the ports of Rostov, Azov and Taganrog. “GALS”
also performs customs transit formalities of ships/
cargoes sailing to the Caspian Sea or through the inner
waterways of Russian Federation.   Chartering depart-
ment concentrate on dry-bulk cargoes from the ports
of the Azov, Black, Marmara, Mediterranean and Caspi-
an seas as well as river ports of Volga and Do
39




Our contacts
info@primeshipping.io
https://primeshipping.io
t.me/psf_channel





