Next-level Mobile Advertising
wys token whitepaper
○wysker GmbH
November 2018 - Berlin, Germany




Contents
1                          Value Propositions                            3
2                          Introduction                                  3
2.1                        You Don’t Own Your Data                       3
2.2                        Advertising in the Data Age .  .  .           4
2.3                        Your Data is Your Future                      6
2.4                        The wysker Platform  .  .  .                  7
3                          The wysker App                                7
3.1                        Mobile Shopping Reimagined                    7
3.2                        High-Quality Consumer Data                    8
3.3                        Organic vs. Paid Channels .  .  .             8
3.4                        Tokens for Usage and Product Views  .  .  .   9
3.5                        App Market Positioning                        9
4                          The wys Token                                 10
4.1                        The wys Token Model                           10
4.2                        How wysker is using the Blockchain            10
4.3                        Advertising Based on Consent .  .  .          11
4.4                        Milestone-Based Roadmap .  .  .               12
5                          Token Launch                                  13
5.1                        Token Launch Summary  .  .  .                 13
5.2                        Token Launch Bonus Structure                  13
5.3                        Token Distribution  .  .  .                   13
5.4                        Token Economy .  .  .                         14
wys Token whitepaper v.5   Page 1




Manifesto
We believe that all Internet users have certain unalienable rights. We believe,
that among these are the rights to own, control, and sell their data.  We hold it
to be self-evident that every individual should be able to exercise these rights in
full privacy and on their own terms. We believe, that this precious information is
the lone property of the user. Therefore, usage of this information should require
consent and it should always be rewarded with a fair share of the profits generated
in the process of this usage.  These beliefs are at the core philosophy behind and
functionality of wysker.
Today the Internet is far removed from these aspirations.  Digital businesses
claim all data as their own: While users exchange their data in return for free ser-
vices. They are not rewarded proportionally to the power and profit they provide
these digital businesses.
That’s why we started wysker. Our goal is to change the digital economy, en-
abling users to become part of the data trade and a stakeholder in these profits. By
measuring interests, preferences, and purchase intent of it’s users, wysker creates
valuable data profiles.  Access to these profiles is decentralized and depending on
consent of the user.  By remunerating users for sharing their information, wysker
offers a valuable data creation and  -exchange network for users and businesses.
We are changing the dynamics of e-commerce and the data market by creating
dividends that are shared between all participants.
At the heart of these ambitions is the wys Token.  The new unit of exchange
for businesses to access consumers. By paying App users with wys Tokens, wysker
enables data-trading on an individual level.  With rising information density, the
relevance of the data increases which makes it more valuable for businesses. This
puts the consumer in a strong position in the data economy by providing high
quality information, consent and opt-in-only targeting.
Step for step, the wys Token is going to be implemented with participating
retailers, playing an active role in gaining the acceptance fair user data treatment
in mainstream retail. A vital factor in driving the adoption of the token will be the
wysker App. In order to match detailed data profiles with corresponding products,
our goal is to build the most relevant product catalogue for discovery shopping in
the world.  Together, the wysker App and the wys Token enable our vision of a
decentralized commerce economy where users have access to all possible products
and complete control over their data.
Become a part of the data revolution. You are the consumer. Your data belongs
to you. You deserve to get paid for it. After all there is one truth: without YOU
the entire system cannot work. Join us and regain power. Own your data.




1                                                                                      Value Propositions
The wysker Platform serves two key stakeholders: Consumers and online busi-
nesses. Together with the the wysker App and the wys Token, it offers the following
value propositions:
Users discover products from thousands of online retailers in a single App.
Based on highly advanced data processing, the App aims to create the most rel-
evant mobile shopping experience while offering interaction with other users or
businesses. They regain control of their personal consumer data by receiving wys
Tokens for usage and product views, which, in turn, will provide users with prod-
ucts discounts.
Businesses get access to a new and easy to implement sales channel.  They
reach consumers who consent to their product targeting,  incentivize purchases
with offers and rewards, and attract new customers by accepting wys Tokens for
product discounts.  They use wys Tokens to buy sponsored content targeted at
consumers with clear purchase intentions, to achieve a higher return on invest-
ment.
2                                                                                      Introduction
The wysker platform was built to fundamentally change current standards of
digital commerce. It was built on the belief that consumers should have the right
to own, control, and profit from their data. Today, the Internet is far removed from
these aspirations. User data is becoming increasingly valuable with improved data
distribution technologies but users are exploited, nevertheless. wysker’s mission is
to change this imbalance and put consumers back in control.
2.1                                                                                    You Don’t Own Your Data
Every time a user switches on a digital device, a data trail is created.  With
every log-in into a social network, every entry into a search engine, every use of
a digital map, holiday rental booking, or purchase in a web shop, users create
valuable data points.  People create millions of such social data points with their
behavior, movements, interests, relationships, moods, politics, places, and prop-
erty.
Surprisingly, most of this information is shared by a user knowingly and will-
ingly, in the form of a Facebook like or a Google map search. After all, providing
data allows users to access often free digital applications they want and enjoy. The
computer scientist and philosopher Jaron Lanier put it simply in his book ”Who
Owns The Future :  ”We want free online experiences so badly that we are happy
not to be paid for the information that comes from us now or ever [1].”
The wysker App redefines this relationship.  On a basic level, it provides a
unique shopping experience while creating highly valuable data sets.  But what
sets this product apart is the commitment to transparency:  each user has the
wys Token whitepaper v.5                                                               Page 3




right to understand his or her data trail, how it is used, and what to expect from
it.  We believe in data symmetry, which means we grant each user access to the
data they create.  We then not only provide users with the ability to delete or
blur this data but also to sell and profit from it. To put it in the words of former
Amazon Chief scientist Andreas Weigend:  “Our lives should not be driven by data.
They should be empowered by it  [2].” Decentralization technology enables this .
2.2                                                                                    Advertising in the Data Age
Data is - and always has been - the currency of digital advertising.  But until
now, users weren’t the ones treated as true beneficiaries. Let’s rewind to the year
1994  when AT&T famously ran one of the first banner ads ever on the freshly
launched website of Wired Magazine:
Figure 1:  One of the first banner ads (AT&T’s, 1994)
In 1994, this was a revolution.  You didn’t need targeting or focus groups to
launch a successful ad campaign, you just needed to be present and visible. Today,
the very same banner ad would drown in an ocean of digital noise and go unnoticed
by readers who have long been numb to most forms of advertising. The advertising
industry’s initial response to falling click-through-rates was more aggressive ads.
Pop-ups, full-page interstitials, and Flash soon made surfing the Web an experi-
ence not dissimilar to watching daytime television.  The ever escalating struggle
for consumer attention finally came to a preliminary end with the proliferation of
ad-blockers.
This could very well have meant the collapse of digital advertising, but browsing
data came to the rescue. Rather than showing you more or flashier ads, advertisers
soon came to realize the value of context, intent, and timing. On the most trivial
level, you were soon more likely to see an ad for baby diapers on a website dedi-
cated to parenting than on a page about power tools.  Consumers started to feel
a “creep factor” when ad platforms began tracking their behavior across different
websites.  Soon you would see an ad for health insurance on a page about urban
gardening, because you had previously done a web search for “why does my back
hurt?”.
The average click-through-rate (that is the number of people who click on an
ad versus those who have seen it without clicking) for this type of display ad is
0.06% [3].  That means it is 10 times more likely to be clicked on than a banner
ad [4].  If, by using highly personal behavioral data, advertisers can bump their
click-through-rate by just a fraction of a percent, they could double their revenue
potential. What worries most consumers is the lack of transparency of the whole
process.  What data is being collected and who is it being shared with?  Why do
ads seem to anticipate important life events, sometimes even before they happen?
Ad platforms are amassing unbelievable amounts of personal data in an arms race
to outsmart the competition.  The billions of dollars being spent to push users
the most relevant ads will in the end only feed advertising fatigue and make users
suspicious of those trying to claim their attention.
wys Token whitepaper v.5                                                               Page 4




The wysker approach
When we set out to build wysker, we started from the observation that “win-
dow shopping”  really had no equivalent in the digital world.  This inspired the
unique wysker user experience that relies on browsing with a single button and
presents products in a stunning full screen view.  Early testers enjoyed browsing
various product categories at a rapid (or slow) pace, but they also exhibited some
interesting behaviors:  whenever they liked a product, they would unconsciously
move the wysker button downwards to decrease the speed (to look at items more
closerly) or they would let go of it completely (to dive into the specifications of a
single product).
As we collected this behavioral data more systematically, we found that we
could use it to paint a very clear picture of a user’s preferences and even their
buying intent. After a 10 minute wysker session, we knew that a tester was inter-
ested in red sneakers, liked products that were somewhat sporty, had no interest
in shoes from a certain brand and seemed to have a price range that ended at the
$60 mark. We could determine all that because a) we had painstakingly tagged all
of the products in our database with attributes describing their appearance and
style and b) we knew at all times exactly what product the user was looking at.
The latter is fundamentally different from a web page where many items are dis-
played at once and what the user is actually looking at often is a complete mystery.
The second major discovery we made was that we didn’t have to make assump-
tions about a user’s intent. On the Web, you are just as likely to be shopping for
new sneakers as you are to be conducting research for a paper about sea urchins.
wysker is strictly a shopping app and so with every second you use it, you build
on your data profile and identify what you are interested in buying.
The consumer data wysker creates and tracks is valuable because it can be
used to precisely aim a user’s attention.  If a user shows an interest in red sneak-
ers, the logical thing to do is to present this user with a bunch of red sneakers
to buy.  Wysker even goes further by recognizing qualitative attributes like style.
This valuable insight is what advertisers are looking for. But who does this brows-
ing data belong to?  At wysker, we believe that users can be put in a powerful
position to control this data.  Also, we think businesses prefer to access data di-
rectly from users rather than from nontransparent Internet companies currently
dominating the online advertising market. wysker solves the problem to organize
this decentralized approach for businesses by providing them collective access to
these users.
wys Token whitepaper v.5                                                                Page 5




2.3                                                                                       Your Data is Your Future
The big question of the data economy is simple: How valuable is a user’s data?
How much is this data worth?  Should users be compensated for their raw data?
And if so, how? Discussion around these questions is dominated by two schools of
thought.
The first school of thought is best exemplified by Andreas Weigend, former
chief scientist at Amazon.  He argues that raw data has nearly no value at all
in a monetary sense, besides the few data points an individual produces.  Only
billions of data points that are generated by thousands or millions of people that
are aggregated and then analyzed become valuable.  To generate data worth, one
needs sophisticated systems and algorithms that search for usable correlations and
patterns.  The user pays for the service with his or her personal raw data.  The
companies inventing and investing in these services must capitalize in other ways
- for example, pushing targeted advertising based on their user base. Demanding
additional monetary compensation for the data should not, therefore, be the prime
concern of the user, Weigend argues:  “You need to be demanding more powerful
ways to gain control of how, when, and why you share, what your data can be used
for, and what you get as a result  [2].”
The second philosophy is articulated by philosopher and computer scientist
Jaron Lanier of Microsoft Research. Lanier argues that giant Internet companies
only exist because of users.  The raw material users provide and create is super
valuable.  As he puts it, “Your data is more worth than you might expect, in the
future it might become your lifeline  [1].”  He suggests users receive monetary re-
wards as micropayments every time they give up data.
Let’s compare these views based on the current situation.  Digital businesses
actually do invent and invest in sophisticated services based user data. While users
actually get most services for “free,” the real fee is paid by the information they
leave behind. But what the user doesn’t get is control, transparency, and agency
around their data.  They don’t have the right to access, change, blur, or delete
their data.  And they surely do not get paid for creating their profile.  To quote
Lanier again:  “Ordinary people ‘share’, while elite network presences generate un-
precedented fortunes.” Andreas Weigend argues, “If Facebook shared every cent of
its profits  - about  $3.5  billion in  2015  - with its users, each user would receive
about $3.50 for the year  [2].”
The truth is, both thinkers are right.  Therefore, the wysker Platform creates
full transparency, allowing each user to decide when, how, why and what of their
data will be used. The individual’s raw material becomes very valuable, tradeable
and highly marketable.
A dream for marketers, advertisers and retailers becomes reality:  a platform
that can accurately distill customers purchase intent. They can now speak to and
target individuals with a very probable purchase intent and high interest in their
product based on individualized data. As a result, they can tailor their offer down
to the individual - a capability they are willing to pay for. From their perspective,
the price of winning  “one”  customer rises, but the overall conversion costs drop
because they can avoid customers with low conversion rates.
The user then gets a share of the budget the advertiser used to target him or
wys Token whitepaper v.5                                                                  Page 6




her in the form of wys Tokens. These tokens can be traded for rewards, discounts,
and products. This is a fair share of the marketing dollars spend. On wysker, the
marketing value of each user’s data rises; wysker combines purchase intent and
expressed consent, making data very valuable on the individual level for marketers
who want to find customers and for customers who want discounted products.
2.4                                                                                     The wysker Platform
The wysker  Platform creates a new digital economy that changes the re-
lationship between consumers and online retailers.  The first component of the
platform is the wysker App, a high-speed window shopping experience that pro-
vides consumers with the most relevant mobile shopping experience while offering
online retailers a platform to engage with new consumers.  The second compo-
nent is the wys Token, a new utility token for digital commerce.  It gives users
discounts for product views, advertisers access to customers, and retailers new
opportunities to increase their sales.  The wysker Platform enables an economy
where product discounts can be traded for access to customers, further paving the
way for the widespread acceptance of tokens in digital commerce.
3                                                                                       The wysker App
The wysker  App  (available on iOS and Android) allows users to discover
products faster than ever before while getting wys Tokens for viewing sponsored
content. The App collects high-quality data that reveals a user’s purchase intent.
Consumers can trade their data directly with advertisers at their own discretion
and without giving up control or compromising their privacy.  Users will be able
to exchange their tokens for discounts with partnering retailers in the future.
3.1                                                                                     Mobile Shopping Reimagined
The wysker App takes on one of the biggest challenges related to online shop-
ping. Offline shopping has a rewarding discovery experience but is limited by the
physical availability of products. Online shopping, on the other hand, has the prod-
uct availability but lacks the discovery experience. The bottom line, as Ben Evans
of Andreessen Horowitz, once said, is:                                                  ”the internet lets you buy, but it doesn’t
let you shop  [5].”  (December 2016).  The solution is to mimic the way consumers
actually shop offline (walking down shop-lined streets, looking at window displays,
quickly screening inside for products and signs, and browsing through racks before
finally deciding on what to purchase) and to translate this into a mobile experience.
wysker puts every product in a cultural context by combining them in a mean-
ingful way.  Much like a playlist, products are curated in order to create what
we call "stories".  These stories consist of several product streams:  A set of the-
matically suitable products.  A product set in turn consists of up to 18 products
in a loop.  With wysker’s distinctive single-button navigation, consumers enjoy a
unique mobile discovery experience based on curated product journeys and inter-
active communication with the app. Users are given the options to buy products
through links to online shops or to simply safe their favorite products for later. In
wys Token whitepaper v.5                                                                Page 7




regard to it’s content, wysker strives to stay atop of current and trending topics
to keep the app relevant for for the user.
The wysker App combines a fun shopping experience with the global reach and
variety made possible by the web.  With the ability to view up to  20  items per
second, wysker’s speed and convenience offers an exciting new shopping experience
that saves time, is more efficient, and more fun. A human brain can process up to
30 images per second. In an instant, a human brain can make a first decision as to
whether he or she likes a set of products. The wysker technology was created with
these capabilities in mind, allowing consumers to explore thousands of products
in minutes.  The product catalog on wysker is constantly growing and includes
various categories ranging from fashion to tech, from games to decor, and from
beauty to accessories. The possible additions to the product catalog are endless.
This makes the wysker App a category-defining mobile application that sets a
new standard for discovery shopping.  It is an unbiased curated experience that
gives consumers access to millions of products, all explorable (and buyable) with
unprecedented speed and convenience.
3.2                                                                                     High-Quality Consumer Data
The wysker App is designed to generate extremely valuable data. It tracks ev-
ery product impression to generate real-time consumer data that reveals a user’s
style and purchase intent. For each user, wysker creates a unique "consumer pro-
file" that captures attributes such as stylistic preferences, preferred brands, price
range considered, interaction rate, and spending behavior.
This consumer profile is completely private unless they decide to share it. De-
pending on the completeness of the consumer profile as well as the relevance for
advertisers, wysker assigns a wys Token value to the profile that represents the
profile’s potential value to an advertiser for each advertising case. A consumer who
uses wysker actively and has completed purchases through the app is potentially
more valuable than a first-time user whose data profile is less complete.
Because the wysker App is a discovery shopping app, all users expect to be
exposed to products they can buy.  This is fundamentally different from the kind
of channels typically addressed by search engine or display advertising.  Whereas
advertising on websites, in social media, or in mobile applications has to generate
buying intent among users, on the wysker App, users already intend to buy. Where
online marketing has traditionally been about attention grabbing and high click-
rates, wysker focuses on highly personalized offers and branded experiences. Where
online marketing is a convoluted network of intermediaries, wysker brings together
brands and consumers directly.
3.3                                                                                     Organic vs.  Paid Channels
The wysker App divides its product inventory into two distinct sections.  The
first section is the organic channel.  Here, wysker shows unbiased product results
and can theoretically include any product that is available online. The second sec-
tion is the paid channel. Here, wysker gives advertisers the opportunity to market
wys Token whitepaper v.5                                                                Page 8




their products directly to potential consumers that want to claim an advertisers’
wys Token offering.
The organic channel will be content which is curated by wysker’s content cu-
ration team. The wysker system learns from the user’s preferences to present the
user with relevant content. The product inventory is continuously expanding, and
the matchmaking of new products to existing users is continuously customized.
Retailers and advertisers have a no influence over the ranking of products in the
organic channel.
The paid channel is activated only when an advertiser targets a user that has
demonstrated a high potential interest in their product through the data generated
by the user’s interaction with the organic channel. Users can also completely opt-
out of these offering and never be contacted by businesses. This model is what we
call advertising based on consent.  With the increased ’completeness’ of a user’s
profile, the value of their customer data profile will increase, yielding a higher cost
to the advertiser and a higher payout to the user.
3.4                                                                                       Tokens for Usage and Product Views
The wys Token is an integral part of the wysker App.  It incentivizes early-
adopters, as well as rewards app usage and advertised product views.  Users will
be able to redeem their collected wys tokens for discounts at partnering retailers.
This dynamic is fundamental to wysker’s goal of returning control to users. In ex-
change for their time and attention, consumers receive something with real value
and utility.  That’s why 10% of the total Token supply is reserved to incentivize
wysker App usage.
With a growing wysker user base and App usage, more precise consumer data
will be collected.  As this data increases in value, attractiveness for and demand
from advertisers will increase.  This means, wys Token and wysker App adoption
mutually reinforce each other.
3.5                                                                                       App Market Positioning
The wysker App fills the gap between inspiration and shopping.  Discovery
sites, such as Pinterest, Instagram, or Tumblr are appealing for discovery, but do
not support a shopping and buying experience.  Marketplaces such as Amazon,
Wish, or Alibaba focus on shopping, but don’t provide compelling discovery tools.
The wysker App differentiates itself from these competitors by providing an in-
spiring experience for shopping.
The wysker Platform will initially focus on the mobile sub-sector of the e-
commerce market. In the US, the total e-commerce market size was $394bn in 2016
[6]. The share of the mobile subsector was 20% totaling $79bn [7]. It is expected
that the mobile subsector, specifically, will reach 49% of the e-commerce market
by 2020 [8].  This totals to a mobile share of $258bn assuming a CAGR of 7.5%
for the e-commerce sector [9].  Consumers also increasingly demand high-quality
and personalized content.  wysker leverages:  e-commerce growth, shift to mobile,
and evolving consumer preferences.
wys Token whitepaper v.5                                                                  Page 9




4                                                                                        The wys Token
The wys Token is deployed on the Ethereum platform as an ERC-20 token [10].
The wysker team appreciates the rapid pace of innovation in the crypto ecosystem
and will continue to investigate all platforms with similar functionality to best
service the wysker economy. As the new unit of exchange between consumers and
online businesses, it paves the way for the widespread acceptance decentralized
services in the space of e-commerce.
4.1                                                                                      The wys Token Model
The wys Token gives users discounts for interaction with businesses, adver-
tisers access to new customers, and retailers new opportunities to increase their
sales. It enables data-trading on an individual level. In more detail, the wys Token
model allows users to receive wys Tokens by opting in to receive advertisement
in return for wys tokens.  Credited wys Tokens can be used towards discounts at
partnering webshops. For retailers, accepting wys Tokens as discount provides the
opportunity to grow sales with the wysker userbase. Collected wys Tokens on the
retailer side can be reused for advertising on wysker. Alternatively, they can also
be attained on the secondary market.
Advertisers need to have wys Tokens in order to advertise to users.  Offering
discounts through wysker incentivizes buyers,  therefore enabling advertisers to
reclaim some of their advertising spend and obtain wys Tokens at under-market
rates. While a 20% discount offered in exchange for a certain number of wys Tokens
might come in at above market value, the actual cost of a 20% discount to an online
retailer may be significantly lower. This has an important self-regulating effect that
rewards brands for creating compelling offers and achieving high conversion rates
through quality branded experiences.
4.2                                                                                      How wysker is using the Blockchain
One of the core principles of data privacy is that some data points have the
power to identify a person uniquely while others identify larger groups. A zip code
for example may stand for thousands or tens of thousands of households while a
last name might only be shared by a handful of people.  If a stranger asked you
what your favorite color was, you would most likely give a truthful answer, but
asked about your social security number you’d probably have the good sense not to
respond. However, when some “harmless” data points are combined, they can cre-
ate a unique footprint that can be traced to an individual. If you live in the U.S.,
the combination of your date of birth, gender and ZIP code has an 87% chance of
identifying you uniquely, no name required [11].  Digital advertising uses exactly
this tactic. At this very moment, somewhere in the cloud is a database that holds
detailed information about you:  websites you looked at, things you shared and
liked on social media, the people you know and interact with, where you’re from,
how much you spend on what, your age and gender and possibly an accurate as-
sumption about your sexual orientation [12]. If each of these data points by itself
seems harmless, the fact that someone has collected all of them under a single ID
and uses them without your active consent should give you ample reason to feel
wys Token whitepaper v.5                                                                 Page 10




uncomfortable.
With wysker, we took a new approach: We carefully track what products you
look at, for how long and how often, which products you double tap and which
ones you actually buy. But you as a user are in full control. One of the main pillars
of the wysker philosophy is that you own your data.  You can choose to share it,
or you can keep it to yourself, but you never have to give up control. With data,
ownership usually equals access.  If you are the only one who can access a piece
of data, it can reside on someone else’s computer without you losing ownership.
wysker works much the same way:  your data resides on wysker servers, but you
are effectively the only one with access.
This is of course a slight over-simplification.  One of the roles that wysker as-
sumes in providing its platform is that of a matchmaker. An advertiser can specify
the customer they are looking to reach and the wysker platform can say if those
people exist on the platform and how many of them there are.  For example, a
shoe brand may be interested in presenting their products to wysker users who
have previously shown an interest in red sneakers. For the wysker platform to be
able to respond to this request, it needs to know if anybody fits this profile. The
trick that wysker applies to make this work without compromising data owner-
ship is to store data anonymously and to allow users to claim their data with a
cryptographic key.  This is effective because if unclaimed, the data is merely of
statistical value.  In simpler terms, wysker may know that someone in Paris is
interested in red sneakers, but unless you come forward to grant advertisers access
to your data, nobody can know that that someone interested in red sneakers is you.
When an advertiser creates a new campaign,  they specify who they would
like to reach and how many wys Tokens they are willing to spend to get their
products in front of wysker users matching their criteria.  The wys Tokens are
subsequently transferred from the advertiser’s wallet to a smart contract running
on the Ethereum blockchain. Once the campaign fund is established, wysker users
can claim a share of the wys Token reward by completing two steps.  During the
first step, participating users need to prove their ownership of eligible data by
means of their cryptographic key. This causes the contract to issue a “lease” that
gives advertisers temporary access to the user’s data and the right to present the
user with product recommendations.  Once the user has viewed the product rec-
ommendations, they are issued a confirmation code. This code is then submitted
to the smart contract in the second and final step, causing the release of the wys
Token reward.  In this setup, the smart contract operates both as an escrow ser-
vice and rights management.  Once the campaign is over, any unspent funds are
returned to the advertiser and access to all user data is revoked.
All of this happens largely behind the scenes and neither the user nor the
advertiser need to know about the inner-workings of the wysker Platform or the
Ethereum blockchain to use the platform. Stakeholders benefit from the absolute
transparency of a decentralized system and the assurance that their respective
interests are enforced by an incorruptible smart contract that knows no bias.
4.3                                                                                     Advertising Based on Consent
The wysker Platform introduces a new model for advertising:  advertising
based on consent. As the name suggests, advertising on the wysker Platform only
wys Token whitepaper v.5                                                                Page 11




occurs when the user consents to an ad.  Ads on wysker are unlike traditional
advertisements as they come as sponsored products through the paid channel and
feature the same experience as organically sourced products.
The process is as follows:
1.  A business collects or buys wys Tokens and logs onto the wysker for Business
platform.
2.  On the AdPlatform, the advertiser can select how many and what kind of
users they want to target.
3.  After the selection, the advertiser can push their campaign  (i.e.  a set of
products or a notification) with several sharing options, e.g.  wysker main
screen, wysker home section and more channels coming up regularly.
4.  Users who have given consent receive a portion of the Tokens the advertiser
used on the campaign after viewing the advertisements.  If no consent is
given, individual user data stays private which results in no Token bonus
from the advertiser.
Because users can define their advertising experience and gain direct rewards
from advertisers,  they will be more engaged with the content and the wysker
commerce experience on the whole.
4.4                                                                                  Milestone-Based Roadmap
The wys Token acceptance is expected to rise significantly with further im-
provement of the wysker app.  For this reason, our focus lies in improving the
wysker experience first and foremost. Once a critical user base is reached, adver-
tisers will be attracted to Platform which in return attracts new users again - a
mutual interaction.  Other than many tokens in the crypto-market, we focus on
long-term stability instead of aiming for short-term profits.  We make use of our
funds accordingly.
•  Q1-18 ICO Sale Closed
•  Q1-18 wysker App 1.0 release
•  Q1-19 wysker App 2.0 release
•  Q3-19 Beta test of wysker for business with selected advertisers
•  Q4-19 Introduction of wysker for business platform
Major milestones have been achieved before and after our ICO. The wysker
app and the custom backend infrastructure were developed. Our roadmap gradu-
ally introduces new innovations to the public with rapid iterations of the app and
sourcing technology.
wys Token whitepaper v.5                                                             Page 12




5                                                                                        Token Launch
The wysker Platform issued a total of 102’340’100 wys tokens, of which 61’404’060
wys tokens were sold during the Initial Coin Offering (ICO). As a closed economy,
the wysker Platform will not release additional tokens.  Unsold wys Tokens were
burned after the token sale. To fully protect the wys token economy, tokens that
were not for sale were also be burned proportionally. Only Ethereum (ETH) was
accepted as payment during the token sale.
5.1                                                                                      Token Launch Summary
The wys Token is an ERC-20  utility Token that was available to purchase
during wysker’s Presale and Token Sale.  Below are the key information for the
wys Token Sale:
•  Presale Period: Nov 17, 2017 at 14:00 UTC to Jan 31, 2018 at 14:00 UTC
•  Token Sale Period: Jan 31, 2018 at 14:00 UTC to Feb 28, 2018 at 14:00 UTC
•  Total Token Supply:  102’340’100 WYS
•  Sold Tokens:  61’404’060 WYS
•  Rate:  1 ETH = 13’941 WYS (+ Bonus)
•  Accepted Currency: ETH
5.2                                                                                      Token Launch Bonus Structure
During the wys Token Presale that ran from November 17,  2017 at 14:00
UTC to January 31, 2018 at 14:00 UTC, a 30% bonus in wys Tokens was added to
purchases above 25 ETH and a 15% bonus to all purchases below 25 ETH. During
the wys Token Sale, running from January  31,  2018  at  14:00  UTC to February
28, 2018 at 14:00 UTC, the following four bonus steps were applied:  15% bonus
during week one of February, 10% bonus during week two, 5% bonus during week
three. No bonus was applied after this point for the remainder of the Token Sale.
5.3                                                                                      Token Distribution
The wys Token distribution reserved 60% of tokens for the presale and the ICO.
25% are in posession of the founders as well as current and future team members.
10% are currently used to incentivize early wysker users and foster rapid product
adoption, secure retention and motivate engagement.  5% are reserved for future
deals with strategic partners. This portion is also used to incentivize the very first
advertisers.
wys Token whitepaper v.5                                                                 Page 13




Figure 2:  wys Token distribution.
The earnings from the wys Token Sale enable the potential success of the wysker
Platform. We believe in decentralization and want to share this opportunity with
a wide range of people. Become a part of the data revolution.
5.4                                                                                 Token Economy
The wys Token estasblishes an new token economy following the basic principles
of supply and demand. wysker’s main focus as company is to drive downloads and
usage of the wysker app while increasing the revelance for every individual user.
The wysker App is intented to develop a strong foundation for the token to foster
without incentivizing short-term gains.                                             10% of all wys Tokens are reserved for
user incentivizationn to boost adoption.  You can track trading activities of the
token on Coinmarketcap and obtain them on Idex, Radar Relay, Forkdelta and
Next.Exchange. More exchanges will be added soon.
References
[1]  J. Lanier, Who Owns the Future?  Penguin Books, 2014.
[2]  A. S. D. Weigend, Data for the People: How to Make Our Post-Privacy Econ-
omy Work for You. Basic Books, 2017.
[3]                                                                                 “Think with google,” September 2017.
[4]                                                                                 “Heterochromia iridis,” September 2017.
[5]                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           “Andreessen horowitz partner benedict evans on the future of mobile,”  De-
                                                                                    cember 2016.
                                                                                                                                                                                          [6]  S. Zaroban, “Us e-commerce sales grow 15.6% in 2016,” Februar 2017.
                                                                                                                                                                                          [7]  Statista, “M-commerce share of total digital commerce spending in the united
                                                                                                                              states from 2nd quarter 2010 to 1st quarter 2017,”  2017.
wys Token whitepaper v.5                                                            Page 14




[8]  Statista, “Us mobile retail commerce sales as percentage of retail e-commerce
sales from 2017 to 2021,”  2017.
[9]  Statista, “Retail e-commerce sales cagr in the united states from 2015 to 2021,
by product category,”  2017.
[10]                                                                                   “Erc20 token standard,” September 2017.
[11]                                                                                   “Policy and law: Identifiability of de-identified data,” September 2017.
[12]                                                                                   “Facebook users unwittingly revealing intimate secrets, study finds,” Septem-
ber 2017.
wys Token whitepaper v.5                                                               Page 15





