MCO WHITEPAPER 2.0
6 July 2018
Version 2.02 - modified on 11 Oct 2018
This whitepaper is a working document that is subject to review and changes




                                                                              Crypto.com                                        2
      Contents
1.    Legal Disclaimers                                                                                                         3
2.    Abstract                                                                                                                  7
3.                          Mission, Vision, Core Values & Competence Areas                                                     7
4.    Strategy                                                                                                                  8
5.    Track Record                                                                                                              9
      5.1                   MCO Token Stats                                                                                     9
      5.2                   Milestones Achieved                                                                                 9
      5.3                   Community                                                                                           11
      5.4                   In the Media                                                                                        11
      5.5                                                                     Leading Global Cryptocurrency Exchange Partners   13
6.    Products                                                                                                                  14
      6.1                   MCO Visa Card                                                                                       14
      6.2                   Crypto.com Wallet & Card App                                                                        17
      6.3                   Crypto Invest                                                                                       19
      6.4   Crypto Credit                                                     COMING SOON                                       21
7.    Services & Benefits                                                                                                       23
      7.1                   MCO Private                                       COMING SOON                                       23
      7.2                   Platinum Referral Rewards                                                                           24
      7.3                   Crypto Wallet Cashback                                                                              25
      7.4                   Crypto Airdrops                                   COMING SOON                                       25
8.    Management Team                                                                                                           26
9.    Roadmap                                                                                                                   29
10.   Token                                                                                                                     30
      10.1                  MCO Token Information                                                                               30
                            10.2  MCO Token Utility                                                                             30
11.   Further information                                                                                                       32




Crypto.com                                                                          3
1.                                                                                  Legal Disclaimers
The MCO Token Sale was completed in June 2017. This updated whitepaper
is for informational purposes only and does not constitute any legal
relations between you and MCO Technology Gmbh and its affiliates
(collectively referred to as “Crypto.com”). This whitepaper is a working
document that is subject to review and changes.
Eligible participants
Eligibility for participation in the initiatives described in this whitepaper (if
and when completed) is not guaranteed and is likely to be subject to legal
and regulatory restrictions. Citizens or residents of Hong Kong SAR are
specifically excluded and ineligible to participate in Crypto.com’s initiatives.
Licences and approvals are not assured in all jurisdictions
The Company and its subsidiaries intend to operate in full compliance
with applicable laws and regulations and obtain the necessary licences
and approvals. This means that the development and roll-out of all the
initiatives described in this whitepaper are not guaranteed. Regulatory
licences and/or approvals are likely to be required in a number of relevant
jurisdictions in which relevant activities may take place. It is not possible
to guarantee, and no person makes any assurances, that any such
licences or approvals will be obtained within a particular timeframe or at
all. This means that the initiatives described in this whitepaper may not
be available in certain markets, or at all. This could require restructuring
of these initiatives and/or its unavailability in all or certain respects. In
addition, the development of any initiatives is intended to be implemented
in stages. During certain stages of development, the project may rely on
relationships with certain licensed third party entities. If these entities are
no longer properly licensed in the relevant jurisdiction, this will impact the
ability of the Company to rely on the services of that party.
No advice
This whitepaper does not constitute advice to purchase any MCO Tokens
nor should it be relied upon in connection with any other contract or
purchasing decision.




Crypto.com                                                                        4
No representations
No representations or warranties have been made to the recipient or
its advisers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information,
statements, opinions or matters (express or implied) arising out of,
contained in or derived from this whitepaper or any omission from
this document or of any other written or oral information or opinions
provided now or in the future to any interested party or their advisers.
No representation or warranty is given as to the achievement or
reasonableness of any plans, future projections or prospects and
nothing in this document is or should be relied upon as a promise or
representation as to the future. To the fullest extent possible, all liability
for any loss or damage of whatsoever kind (whether foreseeable or not)
which may arise from any person acting on any information and opinions
contained in this whitepaper or any information which is made available
in connection with any further enquiries, notwithstanding any negligence,
default or lack of care, is disclaimed.
Translations
This whitepaper and related materials are issued in English. Any translation
is for reference purposes only and is not certified by any person. If there
is any inconsistency between a translation and the English version of this
whitepaper, the English version prevails.
Restricted transmission
This whitepaper must not be taken or transmitted to any jurisdiction where
distribution or dissemination of this whitepaper is prohibited or restricted.
No review by any regulatory authority
This whitepaper has not been reviewed by any regulatory authority.
Third party references
References in this whitepaper to specific companies, networks and/
or potential use cases are for illustrative purposes only. The use of any
company and/or platform names and trademarks does not imply any
affiliation with, or endorsement by, any of those parties.
All references to ‘dollars’, USD or ‘$’ are references to United States dollars
unless otherwise stated.




Crypto.com                                                                        5
Graphics
All graphics included in this whitepaper are for illustrative purpose only. In
particular, graphics with price reference do not translate into actual pricing
information.
Risk statements
Cryptographic tokens may be subject to expropriation and/or theft; hackers
or other malicious groups or organizations may attempt to interfere with
our system/network in various ways, including malware attacks, denial
of service attacks, consensus-based attacks, Sybil attacks, smurfing, and
spoofing which may result in the loss of your cryptographic tokens, the
loss of your ability to access or control your cryptographic tokens. In such
event, there may be no remedy, and holders of cryptographic tokens are
not guaranteed any remedy, refund, or compensation.
The regulatory status of cryptographic tokens and digital assets is currently
unsettled, varies among jurisdictions and subject to significant uncertainty.
It is possible that in the future, certain laws, regulations, policies or rules
relating to cryptographic tokens, digital assets, blockchain technology, or
blockchain applications may be implemented which directly or indirectly
affect or restrict cryptographic token holders’ right to acquire, own, hold,
sell, convert, trade, or use cryptographic tokens.
The uncertainty in tax legislation relating to cryptographic tokens
and digital assets may expose cryptographic token holders to tax
consequences associated with the use or trading of cryptographic token.
Digital assets and financial products and services carry significant risks.
Potential purchasers should assess the nature of, and their own appetite
for, relevant risks independently and consult their advisers before making
any decisions.
Caution Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This whitepaper contains certain statements that are forward-looking, by
their nature, subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Our forward-
looking statements are based on information currently available to us
about the business that we operate.




Crypto.com                                                                 6
Forward-looking statements may involve estimates and assumptions and
are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors beyond our control
and prediction. Accordingly, these factors could cause actual results or
outcomes that differ materially from those expressed in the forward-
looking statements.
Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date of which
such statement is made, we undertake no obligation to update any
forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the
date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of
unanticipated events.




Crypto.com                                                                     7
2.  Abstract
The company started in June 2016 with the vision of cryptocurrency in
every wallet.
On the date of the original publication of this whitepaper, Monaco
announced its rebrand to Crypto.com and its consumer services (MCO
Token, and MCO Visa Card) to MCO.
Crypto.com is redefining how money is being moved, spent and invested.
We are powering the Future of Money. Today.
Crypto.com is democratizing blockchain technology by designing beautiful,
simple and useful financial services that have a lasting, positive impact on
people’s lives.
MCO Technology GmbH completed a token sale in June 2017. The project
is fully funded. This is not a fundraising document. The objective of the
Crypto.com Whitepaper 2.0 is to present our vision, product and strategy.
3.   Mission, Vision, Core Values &
Competence Areas
Our Mission
Powering The Future of Money. Today.
Our Vision
Cryptocurrency in Every Wallet™.
Our Core Values
Think Clearly, Be Resourceful, Stay Determined, Dream Big &
Be Decisive, Act as Owners, Remain Humble.
Our Competence Areas
Engineering, Compliance & User Experience Design.




Crypto.com                                                                              8
4.  Strategy
Distributed
Platform
Visa Card + Wallet App
Investment + Credit
Financial Services.
Redefined.
Crypto.com is building an outstanding and defensible platform to solve access
and usability challenges in the blockchain industry, and power redefined
financial services to improve our customers’ lives.
The Crypto.com includes the Crypto.com Wallet   & Card App (to buy, exchange,
send and track cryptocurrency) and the MCO Visa Card (to spend your
cryptocurrency in the real world).
Leveraging on the distributed platform, Crypto.com is building an innovative
portfolio management product “Crypto Invest” (to easily buy a basket of
cryptocurrency) and a credit product “Crypto Credit”   (to get credit to spend on
your MCO Visa Card by depositing cryptocurrency as collateral).
Our strategy is to use the MCO Visa Card and Wallet app as the distribution platform.
We plan to continue re-investing in both products’ benefits to make them even more
attractive for customers.




Crypto.com                                                                9
5.  Track Record
Since its founding, Crypto.com has achieved a number of
significant milestones.
5.1   MCO Token Stats
MCO Token Sale began on May 18, 2017 and ended on June 18, 2017.
MCO Token cost on day one of the Token Sale was equivalent to USD
0.60 and the MCO Token price as of July 6th, 2018 was USD 8.00.
MCO Token is now listed on 21 exchanges, including Binance, Bittrex,
Bithumb, Huobi, OKex, Upbit, HitBTC, Bit-Z, EXX, Gate.io, BigONE,
Livecoin, Yobit, and Cobinhood.
Total trading volume of Crypto.com since July 2017 has been USD 7.3
billion.
On December 6, 2017 following listing on 5 exchanges, Crypto.com was
the most traded token in the world with 24-hour trading volume of
over USD 200 million.
Following our listing on Bithumb in April 2018, Crypto.com 24-hour
trading volume topped USD 750 million for the first time ever, 3.29% of
overall cryptocurrency market trading volume.
5.2  Milestones Achieved
2016
June
Founded
September
Secured Card Issuing Capability
October
Built Prototype
November
Accepted into the Supercharger,
Asia’s Leading FinTech Accelerator




                                      Crypto.com                       10
                                      2017
February
Accepted into Hong Kong
Government Backed Cyberport           April
Incubation Program                    Graduated from Supercharger,
Demo Day at the Hong Kong
May - June                            Stock Exchange
Launched Token Sale - Raised
USD 26.7m                             July
Listed on Bittrex, Largest
Cryptocurrency Exchange by
August
Volume Globally
Listed on Binance, World’s Fastest
Growing Cryptocurrency Exchange
October
Pre-Registration Apps Go Live
MCO Visa Card Program Receives
Green Light
November
Partnership with Gemalto to
Produce Metal Cards Announced         December
Launched Listings on 9 Additional
Cryptocurrency Exchanges (Total 17)
2018
January
Announced Crypto Credit and
March
Crypto Invest Products on CNBC
Global Cryptocurrency App
Closed Beta Program
April
Listed on Bithumb, Korea’s Largest
Cryptocurrency Exchange               May
                                      Global Cryptocurrency App Open
July                                  Beta Released
Crypto.com Rebrand Announced
                                      MCO Staking Enabled
MCO Visa Card Line Up Announced
                                      Marketing Campaign Started
MCO Revised White Paper Released
August
Litecoin Listed
September
Multi-currency support added
October
XRP Listed




Crypto.com                                                        11
5.3  Community
Crypto.com has a very engaged, vibrant community - essential to
our brand’s long term success.
66,000+                                                           5,100+
Twitter                                                           Facebook
Followers                                                         Followers
3,500+                                                            1,300+      2,600+
YouTube                                                           Instagram   Telegram
Subscribers                                                       Followers   Members
6,100+                                                            2,500+
Reddit                                                            Discord
Readers                                                           Members
5.4  In the Media
2017
August 31st
Crypto.com Launches Mobile App
October 10th
to Bring Cryptocurrencies to
Cryptocurrency Payments Platform
Every Wallet
Crypto.com Announces Brent Diehl
as SVP of International Expansion
October 31st
MCO Visa Card Program
Receives Green Light
November 14th
Crypto.com Selects Gemalto’s
Innovative Metal Card to Bring
Power of Cryptocurrency to Every
December 4th
Wallet
MCO Token to Be Listed on Four
Cryptocurrency Exchanges on
December 5




Crypto.com                             12
2017
December 14th
3 Cryptocurrency Exchanges to List
MCO Token on December 15th             December 19th
Crypto.com Strengthens
Management Team with Four Key
December 20th
Hires
Crypto.com Adds
LoungeKey™ Airport Lounge Access
2018
January 4th
Crypto.com CEO Discusses the
Future of Crypto and Payments on
January 17th
CNBC
Crypto.com Sponsors 2018
Money20/20 Asia in Singapore
March 12th
Crypto.com Begins Closed Beta
Testing for Wallet App, Reveals
March 14th                             Details of Investment and Credit
Crypto.com Joins the Enterprise        Products
Ethereum Alliance
March 15th
Crypto.com and GOPAX Announce
Partnership Plans at Money20/20 Asia
March 27th
Crypto.com Co-founder Bobby Bao
Named in the 2018 Forbes Asia
30 Under 30 List
April 19th
MCO Token to List on Bithumb
April 24th
Crypto.com Adds Three Key
Members to Senior Management           May 16th
Team                                   Crypto.com Launches Wallet App
to Bring Cryptocurrency to Every
Wallet™
May 31st
Crypto.com Hires Former Square
July 6th
Chief Compliance Officer Stanley
MCO Rebrands as Crypto.com to
Lam
Accelerate the World’s Transition
to Cryptocurrency




Crypto.com                                                              13
5.5   Leading Global Cryptocurrency
Exchange Partners
- Changpeng Zhao, CEO
We are supportive of Crypto.com’s vision to bring cryptocurrency to
every wallet. Crypto.com is perfectly aligned with Binance’s mission
to allow everyone to exchange digital assets seamlessly. Most
importantly, Crypto.com the cryptocurrency community needs              “
initiatives that will drive adoption globally and we are confident in
the Crypto.com team’s ability deliver a fantastic product.
We are supportive of Crypto.com’s goal to expand the ecosystem
and drive cryptocurrency adoption globally. Mutual support for our
tokens is an important first step as we continue to explore ways to
broaden our integration.
”




Crypto.com                                                           14
6.  Products
6.1   MCO Visa Card
Customer pain points/needs
Customers who want to buy and spend cryptocurrency face
cumbersome processes with long lead times (3-4 days) and a
scarcity of places where to do so
Customers who spend abroad with their regular credit or debit
cards are charged significant FX fees (up to 8% of purchase
amount) by financial institutions and may not get any additional
benefits for their purchase
Value Proposition
Crypto.com provides beautifully crafted MCO Visa approved pre-paid
cards for customers:
Metal card, no annual Fee
Up to 2% crypto cashback
LoungeKeyTM Airport Lounge Access (selected cards)
Spend overseas at perfect interbank exchange rates
Conveniently spend and withdraw the fiat equivalent of their
cryptocurrency online and offline at all Visa approved merchants




Crypto.com                                                           15
Pricing
There is no annual/monthly/delivery fee on all MCO Visa Cards.
To get access to MCO Visa Platinum cards, each customer needs to
stake MCO Tokens in the Crypto.com Wallet & Card App for 6 months.
Staked amount, card transaction fees and cashback are highlighted
below:
Obsidian Black                                                       Icy White       Jade Green      Ruby Steel      Midnight Blue
                                                                                     Royal Indigo
                                                                     50,000          5,000           500             50
                                                                     MCO STAKE       MCO STAKE       MCO STAKE       MCO STAKE
CASHBACK                                                             2%                              1.5%
ATM                                                                  Free until      Free until      Free until      Free until      Free until
WITHDRAWAL                                                           USD 1,000       USD 800         USD 800         USD 400         USD 200
FEES                                                                 2% above        2% above        2% above        2% above        2% above
Free until                                                           Free until      Free until      Free until
FOREIGN
Free
EXCHANGE                                                                             USD 10,000      USD 10,000      USD 4,000       USD 2,000
                                                                     (unlimited)
FEES                                                                                 0.5% above      0.5% above      0.5% above      0.5% above
Additional card benefits
AIRPORT                                                              Lounge access   Lounge access
LOUNGE                                                               +               +               Lounge access   -               -
(LOUNGEKEYTM)*                                                       1 guest         1 guest
CRYPTO
MCO Private                                                          MCO Private     -               -               -
CONCIERGE**
SIGN-UP
REFERRAL                                                             10,000 USD      4,000 USD       400 USD         100 USD         -
BONUS***
* Eligible customers will be able to enjoy unlimited access to
over 900 premium lounges in over 450 cities worldwide
** cf. MCO Private section for more details
*** cf. Platinum Referral Reward section for more details




Crypto.com                                                                     16
Differentiation
Crypto metal card with no annual fee.
Benefits that challenge world’s best credit cards.
Beautiful, simple, secure app that covers all your crypto needs.
MCO Token Utility
MCO Tokens are able to be used and/or earned in connection with this
product by eligible persons in the following key ways:
Enables customers to order MCO Platinum cards (for free) by
staking MCO Tokens
Customer receives Visa Card Cashback in MCO Token each time
they transact with their MCO Visa Card
Enables customers to upgrade reserved MCO Visa Card to a higher
tier before their card ships by staking more MCO Tokens
Announcement: Obsidian Black Card Numerus Clausus Increase
The Limited Edition MCO Obsidian Black Card will be issued to the first
999 customers of the MCO Token Sale. Each of the cards has a unique
number engraved from 001 to 999 accompanied by the words “Founding
Member”. The priority of the numbers is set according to the following
rules:
001-499  - assigned to the top Token Sale contributors
500-999 -  assigned to the fastest Token Sale contributors, based on
timestamp of their contribution
Upon receiving the MCO Obsidian Black Card, the Founding Members are
eligible for card-associated benefits, including Visa Card Cashback, Airport
Lounge access plus one guest, and the best transaction FX/ withdrawal
limits. The Founding Members can stake their preferred amount of MCO
Tokens (i.e., 50/500/5,000/50,000) to enjoy other services & benefits
including Platinum Referral Rewards, and Crypto Wallet Cashback (cf.
section 7 for details) and (5,000/50,000) for MCO Private.
Due to the strong demand and long waiting list for the Obsidian Black Card,
Crypto.com has decided to increase the number of Obsidian Black cards by 99.




Crypto.com                                                                    17
These new cards will be distributed based on a first-staked, first-served
basis.
For the 99 new Obsidian Black card-holders, continuous staking of             Note
50,000 MCO Tokens is required for the activation of other services/benefits
including: MCO Private, Platinum Referral Rewards, and Crypto Wallet
Cashback (cf. section 7 for details).
6.2  Crypto.com Wallet & Card App
Customer pain points/needs
It is currently challenging for customers to buy and manage
cryptocurrency on their mobile in a secure and convenient way,
and to be able to track prices/movements of their assets
It is also challenging to spend cryptocurrency in the real world and
be able to secure and manage spending through a mobile app




Crypto.com                                                                 18
Value proposition
Crypto.com provides a secure, convenient and elegantly designed wallet
app for customers to:
Buy/sell cryptocurrency
Send/receive cryptocurrency
Track cryptocurrency prices and set alerts
Wallet App currently supports 6 cryptocurrencies: BTC, ETH, XRP, LTC,
MCO, and BNB. More tokens will be added in the future.
Furthermore, the Wallet App enables customers to manage their MCO
Visa Card (once released) and enable spending of their cryptocurrency in
the online and offline world at more than 50 million merchants:
Convert cryptocurrency into Fiat (USD, EUR, GBP, SGD, HKD, JPY,
AUD) - ready for spending
Enable withdrawal, freeze/ unfreeze card
Upgrade card tier
Pricing
The Wallet App is free as is the transfer of cryptocurrency between
Wallet App users through the Wallet App, but Crypto.com charges
affordable and market competitive fees for the buying, selling/
exchanging and sending of cryptocurrency.
Differentiation
Best-in-class designed app with smooth and easy user experience;
attractive transaction pricing, connected to the card for instant access
and spending.




Crypto.com                                                              19
MCO Token Utility
MCO Tokens are able to be used and/or earned in connection with this
product by eligible persons in the following key ways:
Receive Crypto Wallet Cashback and Platinum Referral Rewards
each time you or your friends transact on the Wallet App. Increase
benefits by staking more MCO Tokens
Vote for your preferred token to be added to the Wallet using MCO
Token                                                                   COMING SOON
Receive ad-hoc token airdrops for selected token listings on the
Wallet App                                                              COMING SOON
6.3  Crypto Invest
Customer pain points/needs
It is difficult for customers to know which cryptocurrency to buy, to
hold or to sell
It is complex for customers to build and maintain a diverse
exposure to cryptocurrency




Crypto.com                                                                  20
Value proposition
Crypto.com provides a simple way to set up and a cryptocurrency portfolio
to participate in the future of money:
Get access to quant trading strategies to build a diversified and
individually traded portfolio based on your personal preferences
Start contributing with as little as $20USD
Exit anytime without penalty
Pricing
Crypto.com does not charge any management, exit or entry fees for
customers to participate in Crypto Invest
Crypto.com only charges a success-based fee on generated profit
if the portfolio is over-performing vs initial portfolio Net Asset Value
(NAV)




Crypto.com                                                                   21
Differentiation
Access to advanced quant trading strategies, simplicity of use, no fees
other than success fee, withdraw any time without penalties.
MCO Token Utility
MCO Tokens are able to be used and/or earned in connection with this
product by eligible persons in the following key ways:
Receive a 50% discount on all fees for Crypto Invest product if you
stake MCO Tokens                                                             NEW
Crypto Invest may include an allocation of MCO Tokens to your
portfolio
COMING SOON
6.4  Crypto Credit
Customer pain points/needs
Customer are sometimes expecting long term value appreciation of the
tokens they hold, and will want to get value out of those tokens without
converting them to fiat
Value proposition
Crypto Credit allows users instant access to cash without the need to
sell their cryptocurrency holdings.
Crypto Credit will be a lending platform that allows users to leverage
their blockchain assets to secure credit.
Through the Wallet App, users can obtain credit using their cryptocurrency
holdings as collateral.
This credit can then subsequently be spent with MCO Visa cards. It can
also be used to purchase other cryptocurrencies on the Wallet App.




Crypto.com                                                                      22
Different cryptocurrencies will have different levels of collateral required,
with the highest credit limits being assigned to users putting up MCO as
collateral.
If the price of the collateral decreases to a certain level, a margin call
will be triggered and sent to the customer, who will have the option to
top up their collateral or let Credit convert a portion of their existing
collateral to repay the credit.
Inversely, if the price of the collateral increases to a certain level, the
customer will be offered the option to enjoy a higher credit limit.
Crypto.com will use its balance sheet to fund the credit limits.
Pricing
Crypto.com will charge very competitive interest rates, only on the
utilized credit limits




Crypto.com                                                                        23
Differentiation
Unique value proposition combining an innovative and price competitive
credit product and the MCO Visa Card enabling real world usage
MCO Token Utility
MCO Tokens are able to be used and/or earned in connection with this
product by eligible persons in the following key ways:
Reduce credit fees by up to 20% if you stake MCO Tokens
Will make some initial adjustments on whitepaper regarding Credit
7.  Services & Benefits
To benefit from MCO Private services, referral commissions from                   Eligibility
the Platinum Referral Rewards program and Crypto Wallet Cashback,
customers are required to have the appropriate amount of MCO Token in
continuous staking.
To benefit from Crypto Airdrops, customers are required to hold MCO
Tokens in their Crypto.com Wallet & Card App to be eligible.
All services & benefits described in this section are forward-looking only
(i.e., in effect on and after the date of activation), unless stated otherwise.
COMING SOON
7.1    MCO Private
MCO Private is a high-touch Crypto Concierge service available to holders
of Obsidian Black & Icy White MCO Visa Cards while their MCO Tokens are
in continuous staking.
Eligible high net worth clients will enjoy exclusive benefits, such as:
Dedicated support phone number & instant message service/ access
Advice on selected transaction and services
Exclusive access to industry events, including meeting industry
thought leaders
Preferential access to other exclusive crypto opportunities
More details will be unveiled closer to launch date.




Crypto.com                                                               24
7.2   Platinum Referral Rewards
To enjoy the Platinum Referral Rewards program, each customer will
need to reserve a MCO Platinum Card and have staked MCO Tokens.
After staking MCO Tokens, each customer will                             Sign-Up Bonus for Referrals
be able to invite friends to the Crypto.com Wallet & Card App and
gift them a Sign-Up Bonus with special referral links. The number of
friends and the amount to gift each friend will increase based on the
number of tokens staked.
For security reasons, the referral Sign-Up Bonus will become
available for withdrawal 3 months after the Crypto.com Wallet &
Card App Activation of the referred friend.
For each new customer referred, Crypto.com will                          Referral Commission
reward the referrer with up to 25% of all net fees (net of 3rd party
payment/transaction processing cost) collected on the referred
friend’s crypto transactions. This commission will be credited weekly
and is payable as long as the referrer has an appropriate amount of
MCO Token staked (see table below):
50,000                                                                   5,000                         500          50
MCO STAKED                                                               MCO STAKED                    MCO STAKED   MCO STAKED
Percentage of net fees given as
                                                                         25%                           20%          15%          10%
referral commission to referrer
Amount gifted                                                            100 USD eq.                   80 USD eq.   40 USD eq.   20 USD eq.
for each friend                                                          in MCO                        in MCO       in MCO       in MCO
Total Amount available to
10,000 USD                                                               4,000 USD                     400 USD      100 USD
gift all your friends
Number of friends
100                                                                      50                            10           5
you can invite
In recognition of the contribution of early promoters in our             Announcement
community, we are extending the referral commission to cover referrals
made before the activation date of the Platinum Referral Program.




Crypto.com                                                          25
7.3   Crypto Wallet Cashback
For any crypto purchase, including crypto purchase with a debit/
credit card or a crypto-to-crypto exchange, Crypto.com will
reward the customer with Crypto Wallet Cashback.
Crypto Wallet Cashback levels will vary depending on the amount
of MCO Token customers have staked and will apply on the
acquired crypto amount.
                                                                    50,000        5,000        500          50
                                                                    MCO STAKED    MCO STAKED   MCO STAKED   MCO STAKED
Rewards                                                             1%            0.8%         0.4%         0.2%
Customers with MCO Tokens staked for the MCO Visa Card are
eligible for Crypto Wallet Cashback. When the staked MCO Tokens
for the MCO Visa Card are about to be released, customers will
have an option to extend the stake to continue benefiting from
Crypto Wallet Cashback.
7.4   Crypto Airdrops                                               COMING SOON
Customers holding MCO Tokens in the Crypto.com Wallet & Card
App are eligible for receiving ad-hoc token airdrops for selected
token listings in the Wallet App.
The airdrop amount each customer receives will be proportional to
the MCO Token in-app balance (including staked MCO Tokens).




Crypto.com                                                                26
8.  Management Team
Experienced team with proven track record.
Kris Marszalek
Co-Founder & Chief Executive Officer
Seasoned company builder. Before starting Crypto.com in 2016,
three-times founder in tech space (e-commerce, mobile LBS app,
consumer electronics): CEO at Ensogo, Founder at BEECRAZY (sold
for USD 21mm to iBuy Group in 2013). Passionate about working with
great teams on consumer products.
Rafael Melo, CPA
Co-Founder & Chief Financial Officer
15 years’ experience in finance, deep understanding of risk, compliance
and Mobile Payments ecosystem in Asia. Led fundraising efforts as
CFO at ASX-listed Ensogo, securing strategic investment from VIPSHOP
(NYSE:VIPS) and raising over AUD 50m from blue chip institutions
like Fidelity, Goldman Sachs and BlackRock. CFO at Mobile Payment
Solution, a MasterCard incubated technology company and Finance
Director at Embraer S.A., aerospace conglomerate that produces
commercial, military, executive and agricultural aircraft.
Gary Or
Co-Founder & Chief Technology Officer
Hacker, Product Designer, Entrepreneur, 9 years of full stack
engineering experience (RoR, Elixir, Golang), Keen interest in Machine
Learning and AI. Gary was platform Architect at Ensogo and CTO at
EventXTRA, a technology company incorporated in Hong Kong that
provides corporate event management software.
Bobby Bao
Co-Founder & Head of Corporate Development
Bobby leads corporate development efforts in Asia. He was China
Renaissance’s first employee on the M&A team, working on some of
the most high profile transactions, including the merger between Didi &
Kuaidi. Bobby is deeply connected within the blockchain industry in the
region. Named to the 2018 Forbes’ 30 Under 30 List




Crypto.com                                                                       27
Sean Rach
Chief Marketing Officer
Former CMO at Prudential Corporation Asia. Led the regional American Express
account and served as Managing Director of OgilvyOne Hong Kong.
Erald Ghoos
Chief Operating Officer
COO at Payreto. COO at Funding Circle. Global VP Operations at Paysafe, Senior
operations at BNP Paribas.
Stanley Lam
Chief Compliance Officer
Chief Compliance Officer at Square. More than 15 years of relevant experience
in retail banking, payments and financial industry compliance. Former He lead
in the payment and revenue team at Zynga, Inc.
Jason Lau
Chief Information Security Officer
Former regional Cyber Security Advisor at Microsoft. Certifications such as,
CISSP, CIPP/E, CGEIT, CRISC, CISA, CISM, CEH, CDNA, CSM, ITIL as well as being
on ISACA’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Global Working Group.
Eric Anziani
Chief Strategy Officer
Director of Strategy at Global Fashion Group. Previously at PayPal, McKinsey
and Goldman Sachs in London, Paris, Singapore and Tokyo.




Crypto.com                                                                       28
Brent Diehl
Senior Vice President, International Expansion
Former Head, Prepaid Partner Solutions at Visa. Senior Director at Western
Union International Payments. Responsible for card portfolios outside of the
United States at Home Depot.
Maggie Ng
Senior Vice President, Head of Marketing
Head of Direct Marketing and Direct to Consumer for FWD Insurance and
Director of Digital Media for Prudential Corporation Asia.
Weiyi Zhang, Ph.D.
Platform Architect
Senior VP, Quantitative Trading at AP Capital Management. VP of Electronic
Market Making at JP Morgan, Quant Strategist of Equity Derivative Trading at
Deutsche Bank.
Cerulean Hu
Lead Blockchain Engineer
Lead Engineer at Equichain, Team Lead - Finance and Trading Systems at
ANX, implemented blockchain solutions at FINCOVA, and was responsible for
developing trading algorithms at HSBC.
Ivan Stefanov
Senior Vice President, Risk Management
Senior risk management roles with Paysafe, Groupon, Skrill and NETELLER,
managing large teams across multiple markets and enhance the existing fraud
prevention and payments setup.
Adrienne Wong
Senior Vice President, Head of Product
Managed global strategy and market launches at Square. Lead on Square Point
of Sale and led growth and expansion efforts in the Canada, UK, Australia, and
US markets. A former Deloitte strategy and operations consultant.




Crypto.com                                                                   29
9.  Roadmap
CRYPTO CREDIT
Goes live
MCO CARDS
MCO CARDS                                                                    Ship in Europe
Ship in the US
MCO CARDS
Ship in Asia
CRYPTO INVEST
Goes live
NEW MCO CARDS
Announcement
MARKETING
Begins
MAJOR STRATEGIC
MCO TOKEN
PARTNERSHIP
STAKING                                                                      Announcement
Enabled
Note 1
This roadmap is indicative of our future plan. The implementation of our
initiatives may be subject to factors that are beyond our control; in such
case, there may be changes or delay to the delivery timeline.
Note 2
The MCO Visa Card will not be available in the entire regions of Asia,
Europe and the US. We will announce the specific markets in due course.




                                                                                     Crypto.com                                   30
10. MCO Token
                                                                                     10.1   MCO Token Information
Token Symbol                                                                         MCO
Token Contract Address                                                               0xb63b606ac810a52cca15e44bb630fd42d8d1d83d
Token Decimals                                                                       8
Token Total Supply                                                                   31,587,682.36 Tokens
Regarding the Token Total supply,   the maximum supply of MCO tokens is
permanently limited to those issued during the ICO. No additional tokens will ever
be created.
10.2  MCO Token Utility
MCO Token Utility has been enhanced since its launch.
MCO Tokens are able to be used and/or earned in connection with this
product by eligible persons in the following key ways:
MCO Visa Card
Enable customers to order MCO Visa Platinum Cards (for free) by
staking MCO Tokens
Enable customers to upgrade reserved MCO Visa Card to a higher
tier before their card ships by staking more MCO Tokens
Receive Visa Card Cashback in MCO Token each time they transact
with their MCO Visa Card




Crypto.com                                                                    31
Crypto.com Wallet & Card App
Receive Crypto Wallet Cashback and Platinum Referral Rewards
each time you or your friends transact on the Wallet App. Increase
benefits by staking more MCO Tokens
Vote for preferred token to be added to the Crypto.com Wallet &
Card App using MCO
Receive ad-hoc token airdrops for selected token listings on the
Crypto.com Wallet & Card App
Crypto Invest
Receive a 50% discount on all fees for Crypto Invest product   if you stake
MCO Tokens
Crypto Invest may include an allocation of MCO to your portfolio
Crypto Credit
Receive a 20% discount on all fees for Crypto Credit product if you
stake MCO Token
Get credit if you use MCO Token as collateral




Crypto.com                                        32
11. Further information
Crypto.com and MCO Token Information Discussion
www.crypto.com
www.twitter.com/cryptocom
www.t.me/CryptoComOfficial
www.t.me/CryptoComOfficialAnnouncements
www.t.me/CryptoCom_Korea
www.reddit.com/r/Crypto_com
www.facebook.com/CryptoComOfficial
www.linkedin.com/company/cryptocom
www.instagram.com/cryptocomofficial
medium.com/@Crypto.com
www.discord.gg/B6cZahJ




Crypto.com                                                   33
© Copyright 2018. For information, please visit crypto.com





