Note: Energi Core reserves the right to update this White Paper at any time. Please visit the Energi website
(www.energi.world/whitepaper/) for the most up-to-date version of this White Paper.




THE MISSION
Energi is the cryptocurrency for world adoption.
Energi will achieve this by fostering a self-funding and governance system, absorbing and
innovating the most advanced technology in the space — including full smart contract
capabilities, and infinite scalability. Further, by removing the cryptocurrency space’s common
barriers to entry, Energi will become the most user-friendly, secure and trusted platform for
building and trading value.
THE EXISTING LANDSCAPE
"It is not money for the internet but the internet of money."
— Andreas Antonopoulos
In the beginning, there was the World Wide Web [W3]. The "hypermedia information retrieval
initiative, aiming to give universal access to a large universe of documents." ¹  These are the
words rendered on the world's first website; outlining the initial plans for the internet. That
same year, HTML was born and shortly thereafter, the first batches of Internet browsers
launched.
Almost 3 decades later, we are now experiencing the second 'wave' of the Internet’s evolution.
Exchange of information is evolving into exchange of value, and value is one of the oldest
forms of communication between human beings. This marks a historic economic turning
point that will have significant socio-economic impacts on humanity.
In the forthcoming Internet of Value, billions of Internet users will exchange value — as
efficiently and simply over decentralized blockchain networks as we currently exchange
information today.
Blockchain technology has definitively shown great promise of utility for multiple applications,
across many fields. However, despite the potential, we have yet to see a new generation
cryptocurrency gain mainstream mass adoption on a global scale.
3




THE PROBLEM
There is an emerging need for cryptocurrencies, nonetheless, cryptocurrencies are only at
0.5% adoption globally.²  A strategically designed cryptocurrency that can scale and
maximize value for the world represents a welcomed alternative at this moment in time.
Right now, top cryptocurrencies don’t have all that it takes to serve this need.
REPUTATION
In the mainstream community, outside of the crypto-ecosystem, cryptocurrencies don’t
have the best reputation. Relevant media stories reaching the everyday person, most often
by ‘local news’ programming, social media and newspaper opinion sections, position
themselves at the far ends of the editorial spectrum.
More often than not, these fall into a ‘insta-millionaire’, or ‘victim of volatility’ speculation
story, narratives on global exchange ‘hacks’, or alternatively, headlines around sudden drops
or price spikes, are far more effective than stories on a sideways market. When it comes to
informative media reaching the potential mainstream adopter, there is little bandwidth left
for useful, objective information about the reality of this emerging technology.
COMPLEXITY
Cryptocurrencies are far too complex for most and the barrier to entry is much higher than
mainstream adopters can currently tolerate. Exchanges often involve significant user
friction, and the trading of value between cryptocurrencies is often disjointed and
time-consuming. In the cryptocurrency space, users are wholly responsible for their coins,
wallets, accounts and general online safety. When funds become inaccessible, get hacked
or are transferred to an incorrect wallet, there is no safety net of a help desk number to fall
back on.
There are a number of problems to overcome for cryptocurrencies to be adopted as a mass
currency for exchanging value, and Energi is working towards solving these problems.
STRUCTURAL & FINANCIAL STABILITY
Many coins decide on significantly high rewards for their network’s miners, without first
modeling the financial requirements for an organization to sustain development. As a
result, many cryptocurrencies have little to no growth potential, and/or contributors are not
4
paid (e.g. Bitcoin).




To meet this need for resources, many cryptocurrencies rely on donations and voluntary
developers, since they don’t have self sustaining models. Some altcoins, such as Ethereum,
have successfully navigated this resource problem, but still face issues of security and
scaling — impacting their long-term funding and business sustainability. Other top
cryptocurrencies lack the leadership, expertise and vision, to secure their project’s survival.
In order to scale and cultivate innovation properly, the cryptocurrency ecosystem needs
self-funding treasury models with effective governance.
Trust
THE SOLUTION
Energi will focus around
4 principles of mass adoption:
Availability                                                                                      Awareness
●    Trust
●    Awareness
●    Usability
●    Availability                                                                                 ability
HARNESS ENERGI
Building a Solid Foundation:
the large self-funding treasury system with on-chain governance.
Building a Strong Support System: the Energi community.
Building Mechanisms of Growth and Stability: Earndrop marketing campaigns and Energi
Masternode network with strong rewards. (Please refer to  MARKETING SYSTEMS for more
information about Earndrop)
FOCUS ENERGI
Building the Ecosystem. Extending capabilities to bring dApps and cryptocurrencies onto
the Energi Platform with a focus on Trust, Awareness, Usability and Availability. Creating a
Smart Contract Platform for the issuance of Digital Services between systems. Energi’s
services for new and existing ICOs will include:
●    Energi Incubator Program (Atomic Labs)
●    Energi Defense Department (EDD)
●    Energi Engineering Support and the Energi Development Portal (EDP)
●    Energi Marketing Toolkit (EMT)
5




VALUE PROPOSITIONS
Energi is a self-funding cryptocurrency with a vision of bringing about mass-adoption of
cryptocurrency. It features a self-funding treasury system and will eventually develop into a
smart contract platform.
SELF-FUNDING
Energi is self-funded by the treasury emissions, which allow for long-term development of
the technology platform. The treasury has one of the largest percentage allocations in the
space. This treasury funding allows for a viable long-term model that will grow the
technology and the community.
GOVERNANCE
In combination with self-funding, a strong governance model allows Energi to avoid the
pitfalls and amplify the successes of its predecessors — making community-driven
decisions that will maximize scalability and drive global adoption.
EQUITABILITY
Out of the desire to promote a fair and stable cryptocurrency ecosystem, Energi chose not
to organize an Initial Coin Offering (ICO) and to not pre-mine any NRG. This helped to reduce
centralization of the Energi network.
SMART CONTRACT PLATFORM
On top of Energi’s working blockchain system, and with NRG currently traded on 3 different
exchanges, Energi’s blockchain development team is in the process of developing a smart
contract platform, to further drive network effects that will support global adoption.
Marketing campaigns
Reach out to                                                                                    ROI
influencers                                                                                     Extra investors
Development                                                                                     Added value for NRG
Hire of thought
leaders
$                                                                                               Treasury              $$$
6




USE CASES
MASTERNODE USE CASE
Masternode holders are able to host Masternodes, which confer rewards for second tier
staking on top of Energi’s Proof of Work consensus model. These rewards include
governance mechanisms for the owners of the Masternodes.
MINING USE CASE
In a similar way, NRG miners are a vital part of Energi’s consensus network. Miners are
also rewarded for employing their compute power to secure the network (Proof of Work).
As such, the miners fee is remuneration for that compute power.
PARTNER USE CASE
DApps and other project partners will benefit from Energi’s smart contract platform.
Rather than an exclusive focus on the transactions-per-second ‘arms race’ common in the
smart contract market, Energi will provide value-adds, such as technical expertise and
continual governance / decision-making that will drive value to partnerships and projects
based on their merit and their benefit to the Energi ecosystem.
END-CONSUMER USE CASE
The end consumer is able to use NRG as a store of value and as a utility for use in
transactions and the smart contract / DApp ecosystem.  Just as an interactive network of
Apps on a smartphone OS have the network effect of increasing the phone’s usability,
Energi’s network of DApp partners, onboarded into the ecosystem, will increase the
usability of the platform.
As Energi grows, the Energi Defence Department will work alongside law enforcement and
cybersecurity experts to investigate and help safeguard Energi users from any potential
hacking or scamming incidents occurring within the Energi community, making the Energi
ecosystem more secure for the end-user.
7




ENERGI PLATFORM: BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
Energi will establish an Incubator Program to focus on supporting early stage blockchain
startups looking to develop on the Energi platform.
This program will encourage the high quality infrastructure projects required to build out
Energi’s platform ecosystem. Energi will attract and support high quality projects, provide
advice, ensure that the economic and business models are sound, and encourage the
projects to collaborate.
These platform partners will also have access to a database of metrics and
assessments, which they can leverage to evaluate their project and ensure they meet
industry standards.
ENERGI PLATFORM: USER PROTECTIONS
As with all emergent technologies, the blockchain ecosystem is afflicted with ‘bad actors’
looking to gain unauthorized access to funds. Understandable concerns with these scams
and hacking inside the cryptocurrency space, and the heightened security measures
required to ‘become your own bank’, have created a natural delay in the mass adoption of
cryptocurrencies generally.
Energi Defense Department and its investigative arm; the Energi Bureau of Investigations
(EBI), will serve to protect its user base from hackers, scammers, and other bad actors
wherever feasible.
Early stage projects will be able to access support for scam/hack incidents to provide a
level of security for their communities. Energi will work with relevant law enforcement
agencies and as cryptocurrency exchanges and other institutions to provide more
protection, wherever possible, for Energi projects to protect their users.
8




ENERGI PLATFORM: ENGINEERING SUPPORT
Early stage DApp teams are often small and frequently manage time-sensitive matters.
Energi will offer these teams assistance with smart contract auditing, ensuring proper
security measures are in place, and access to Energi’s growing developer team for
technical guidance.
Energi aims to establish an exceptional, developer-friendly platform for DApps to build on.
Smart contracts will be written in solidity, much like Ethereum.
Energi will also create an educational program to help existing developers learn about
blockchain technology and gain necessary skills to create their blockchain projects.
ENERGI PLATFORM: MARKETING SYSTEMS
Energi has strong marketing systems in place, to effectively communicate their vision and
attract not only cryptocurrency enthusiasts, but people new to the space. These systems
involve taking full advantage of all social media platforms available, such as Facebook,
Twitter, Telegram, Reddit, LinkedIn, Medium, and Steemit, in order to reach as many users
as possible. Energi has also created a YouTube video series, that aims to educate
newcomers about Energi specifically, and also cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology
as a whole.
Energi team members travel to global blockchain conferences, to share Energi’s long-term
vision, and meet with early stage projects. Energi is able to offer these teams instant access
to Energi Marketing Systems and Community Management Tools.
9




Instead of an Initial Coin Offering (ICO), Energi’s founder, Tommy World Power,
[www.tommyworldpower.com] chose to do large airdrop campaigns (Earndrop). These
airdrop campaigns distribute a large portion of NRG coins, and also encouraging
engagement across Energi social media platforms. This has helped give Energi a
significant web presence. As of February 2019, Energi has a following of approximately
68,000 accounts in aggregate across Telegram, Discord, Twitter, Facebook, Reddit, and
other social media. Additionally, Energi has approximately 17,000 opt-in email addresses
registered with Energi’s airdrop. [refer Table below]
NOTES
* Alexa site ranking (https://www.alexa.com/siteinfo/) used for the following domains;
https://www.energi.world/
https://www.icon.foundation/
https://aion.network/
https://www.decred.org/
http://www.pivx.org/
** Accumulated totals of Telegram, Twitter, Reddit, YouTube, Facebook, Github, LinkedIn and Medium
10
followings. All data retrieved on 5th of February 2019.




THE EMISSION SCHEDULE
1 million Energi will be released every month and will be divided between the Energi
Backbone, miners, Masternodes and the treasury. The breakdown of the allocations can
be viewed below:
●                                                                                            10% to the Energi Backbone
●                                                                                                                         10% to Energi Miners (eventually transitioning to Proof of Stake)
●                                                                                            40% to Energi Masternodes
●                                                                                            40% to the Energi Treasury
The Energi backbone will serve as a reward for the vision and creation of Energi, and will
incentivize future leadership and guidance.
As Energi does not have a supply limit, its treasury and Masternode allocations are
highly essential to Energi’s ongoing performance, decentralization and longevity.
THE MINERS
A more in-depth look at Energi Mining:
●    Hashing Algorithm: Energihash is based on, and very similar to Ethash with some
modifications to ensure functionality with the Energi Blockchain.
●    ASIC resistance: Much like Ethash, Energihash is I/O bound rather than CPU bound, so
building an Energihash ASIC that is much more efficient than normal GPUs is relatively
difficult.
●    Recommended hardware includes AMD and NVidia GPUs with 4GB or higher VRAM.
●    Energi’s official mining pool is in development and scheduled for release Q4 2018.
11




THE BACKBONE
For any business to grow and succeed, it needs a strong backbone, to provide guidance,
stability and support to the entire infrastructure.
Energi’s backbone consists of Tommy and anyone he chooses to share with privately.
The 10% allocation, which is significantly lower than the typical 20-50% for Initial Coin
Offering founders, gives Tommy the ability to successfully guide the Energi network with
meaningful direction. Instead of launching with an allocated percentage of a Initial Coin
Offering, this monthly incentive is instead remunerated over Energi’s lifetime. This will
also ensure prosperity for Energi, not only in the short or medium term, but throughout
its entirety. The Backbone is an integral part of Energi’s ‘Fair Launch’ strategy.
THE TREASURY
Many organizations have a treasury department to make financial decisions and reduce
potential financial risks. With a treasury model in place, Energi can scale the core team
for ongoing development [refer Figure A], budget for marketing activities and create
educational content. The Treasury will also fund approved community proposals with
governance over these decisions being applied by the Decentralized Autonomous
Organisation (DAO) of Energi Masternode owners.
Energi Developer Activity - past 12 months ⁴                                                [Figure A]
12




THE MASTERNODES
A Masternode is a point of intersection / connection on a decentralized network. It can
provide such features as private transactions and instant or direct transactions to the
blockchain network.
The advantage of setting up, hosting and maintaining an Energi Masternode is the NRG
rewards that provide remuneration for these services.
Masternode Rewards vs Setup Cost Comparison                                               [Figure B]
13




MASTERNODE REWARDS
Energi’s block time is currently 63 seconds, with 40% of emission rewards being released to
the Masternodes. On a monthly basis, Masternode operators will be collectively rewarded
with 400,000 NRG.
For example, if there are 400 Masternodes enabled on the network, each Masternode
would be rewarded with 1000 NRG per month, or 12,000 NRG per year. If there are instead
200 Masternodes on the network, each Masternode would be rewarded with 2,000 NRG per
month, or 24,000 NRG per year. Reward calculations change as the number of enabled
Masternodes online fluctuates. The chart on the previous page, illustrates Masternode
rewards for a network of 423 Masternodes. [refer Figure B]
Energi structured its Masternodes with significant NRG payments in order to reward
Energi’s Masternode owners to continue maintenance and upkeep of the network nodes,
which in turn facilitates network reliability. The requirements to run an Energi Masternode
are listed below:
●    Energi Core Wallet
●                                                                                             10,000 Energi (NRG)
●    A Virtual Private Server (VPS) running 24/7
●    A dedicated IP Address for the VPS
14




THE ECONOMICS
NRG AS A REWARD SYSTEM
Energi is one of the few cryptocurrencies in the market that has a Masternode structure that
provides Masternode owners with rewards. Why? To ‘outsource’ the setup, hosting and
maintenance of the network, to the community, thus creating a more stable and
decentralised blockchain network. Every month, all Masternode holders will receive their
portion of the 40% of the NRG generated. This model differs from Bitcoin or Ethereum and
other non-Masternode coins, or other general POS-coins, where only miners benefit.
NRG AS A MEANS OF EXCHANGE
An important feature of Energi is the rate of emissions.
As the release of NRG is capped at 1 million NRG per month, the emission rate, as a
percentage of total market cap, reduces over time [refer Figure C]. This emission rate
reduction will ensure stability of NRG in the long run, whilst providing a strong use-case for
NRG to be utilized as a currency in locations experiencing hyperinflation.
Two major criticisms of Bitcoin, are slow confirmation speeds and high transaction fees
during high traffic periods. With 2nd generation engineering, Energi is able to maintain low
fees and fast speeds, regardless of transaction volume. This creates a user experience for
NRG transactions, as frictionless as debit or credit cards.
NRG IS BETTER FOR THE ENVIRONMENT
Bitcoin consumed as much power as the population of Ireland in 2015.5    It is most definitely
not a green choice for scaling to mass adoption. NRG, on the other hand, is engineered
efficiently to reduce the carbon footprint. Energi has Masternode staking and GPU mining,
both of which are less computationally intensive than BTC ASIC mining. Also worth noting is
that NRG is at the beginning of its lifecycle and thus requires less computational power than
BTC per block.
15




NRG WITH CONTROLS
As Energi is a naturally evolving organisation without demands applied by Initial Coin
Offering token holders. Instead, the use of Energi’s Treasury funds is voted on by
members of the DAO (Decentralised Autonomous Organisation). This avoids the Bitcoin
and Ethereum decentralization conundrum - where major policy changes require rounds
of discussions before decisions are made.
The DAO allocates how NRG is spent, whether it is on product development, operations
improvement or even social events.
Expected Monthly Emission Rate                                                           [Figure C]
16




NRG FOR THE FUTURE
Energi’s roadmap includes a user friendly wallet for actual exchange. As a mode of
exchange, NRG can function as a local currency to replace regions of hyperinflation.
Strong adoption within the local ecosystem will also allow for trade with external
suppliers. Floating NRG against an external fiat currency gives users a concept of value
of NRG, whilst avoiding the currency controls that restrictive governments sometimes
install. The roadblocks for mass adoption are few:
1.                                                                                         There is no need for expensive infrastructure to pay or accept NRG
2.                                                                                         Speed of transaction is fast, keeping it on par with cash or card
3.                                                                                         Reward system via Masternode ownership and hosting services
NRG does not have a maximum cap on issuance making it suitable for use, well into the
future. Having no maximum supply means there is no future date when the Energi
Treasury will cease to exist. In contrast to most coins, the issuance of NRG is constant
and linear, not logarithmic, making it a simpler issuance model.
‘Easy to understand’ is extremely important, as many coins ‘game’ the system by
complicating their issuance models, pre-mining and centralizing the supply with multiple
Masternodes receiving the majority of the rewards. By delaying Masternode payments
and not having any NRG pre-mined, Energi intentionally designed Masternode rewards to
support decentralization of the NRG supply, whilst also ensuring sustainable
development.
Within the cryptocurrency ecosystem, there is the opportunity to bring innovation in two
distinct realms; technology and economics. Energi strives to do both.
17




THE PARTNERSHIPS
EXCHANGES
In Q2-Q3 2018, Energi secured relationships with 3 different exchanges: Cryptopia and
CoinExchange (centralized) and CryptoBridge (decentralized). Energi are currently pursuing
integration with more exchanges — particularly ones with higher overall exchange volume.
LISTINGS
On August 28th 2018, Energi got listed on the world’s most well-known and complete
cryptocurrency listing website.
WALLETS
Energi can be stored/sent/received on the Coinomi wallet (in addition to the full
functionalities that the Energi Core desktop wallet provides on Windows and Mac OS X).
Coinomi is a mobile wallet, available for both iOS and Android. On the Coinomi website we
find that Coinomi for iOS, v1.3.1 (released on 27 september 2018), is supported for iOS 9.2
or later and compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch (Source), and Coinomi for Android,
v1.11.1 (released on 11 september 2018) is supported for Android 4.1 and above (Source).
OTHER RETAIL PARTNERSHIPS
Energi are also pursuing partnerships with other wallets and systems that support spending
of cryptocurrency in “real life” (e.g. ATM cards and gift cards).
18




THE ROADMAP
Q3 2017
2017
●    Pre-development: Engineered coin emission and allocations to Miners,
Masternodes, and Treasury along with other fundamental designs.
●    Development began July 2017.
Q4 2017
●    Implementing EnergiHash (ASIC-resistant hashing algorithm).
●    Implementing Treasury and Backbone systems.
Q1 2018
2018
●    Testnet and Block Explorer went live.
●    Optimized and improved technical and economic aspects of Energi.
Q2 2018
●    Implementing Masternodes and Governance systems..
●    Energi 1.0 Mainnet launched on April 14, 2018!
Q3 2018
●    Masternodes live! Masternode rewards began Sept 18th, approximately 5
months after launch to ensure fair distribution and give community
members plenty of time to accumulate.
●    Earndrop round 1 completed. Over 1 million NRG distributed, achieved net
social media following of over 70,000!
19




Q4 2018
2018
●    Optimizing GPU miner and mining pool software.
●    Earndrop rounds 2 and 3 kicked off.
Q1 2019
2019
●    Energi 2.0 - Upgrade to Proof of Stake.
●    Large scale marketing campaigns to bring awareness about
Energi and build the community.
Q2 2019
●    Core wallet upgrade and re-design with new aesthetic UI.
●    Integrating with major exchanges and multi-coin wallets.
●    Earndrop round 4 begins (after rounds 2 and 3 completed and distributed).
Q3 2019
●    Energi 3.0 with Ethereum-compatible smart contracts, incorporating our
Treasury, Masternodes, and Governance systems.
Q4 2019
●    Energi Mobile Wallet - As easy to use as Venmo and able to sync with phone
contacts. One-click conversion between Energi and Energi Dollar
(a stablecoin built in Energi like Maker’s DAI, pegged to the USD).
Seamless experience.
●    Begin on-boarding blockchain projects and dApps onto the Energi platform
incentivized by our Incubator Program, Business Development Support, and
User Protections (all services funded by the Energi Treasury)
Q1 2020
2020
●    Acceptance as a payment method for high-demand merchants, and
campaigns to build merchant acceptance worldwide.
AND BEYOND
In the coming years, Energi seeks to retain thousands of full-time contributors and
functioning as a powerful global organization unlike anything seen in the
20
cryptocurrency space. Energi will continue expanding marketing efforts,
development, and ease of use, to rapidly increase demand and adoption.




THE LEADERSHIP TEAM
TOMMY WORLD POWER                 RYAN LUCCHESE                   DAVID DOSS
CEO & CHAIRMAN                    PRESIDENT                       VP OF MARKETING
Respected thought leader and      Oversees all day-to-day         Previously VP Marketing Citi
educator in blockchain &          operations and heads the        Fintech. Full-stack growth &
cryptocurrency community.         development team.               digital marketing professional
Founder of the Energi vision.     People-first approach to        with paid, earned, and owned
Builds teams of high quality      technology whilst leading  by   media.
developers.                       example.
GREG BEUCHLER                     CAROLYN SEET
Energi has over 20 team
VP OF RECRUITMENT                 VP OF OPERATIONS
members and seeks to expand
Over 30 years of experience       Over 17 years of global
aggressively as Energi’s
scaling recognized tech           investment banking
Treasury funding allows. Past
companies.                        experience.
team experience includes
Builds out teams for              Highly competent, versatile,
Credit Suisse, Citibank, Intel,
companies utilising emerging      finance professional [ACCA
Deutsche Bank, Accenture,
technology.                       qualified].
Saks Fifth Avenue, and RBS.
21




THE ADVISORS
BEN COLEMAN                       CLIFF DE BEAR                    TIM MAK
TOKENOMICS +                      SALES + FINANCE                  PARTNERSHIPS +
                                  Cliff has a background in
FINANCE                                                            BUSINESS
                                  strategy development,
Ben has 6 years experience in
                                                                   DEVELOPMENT
                                  technical sales and is highly
Corporate Banking and has
                                                                   Tim’s background is in Finance
                                  experienced in formulating
built a successful tokenomic
                                                                   & IT within the banking sector.
                                  business development plans to
system from the ground up.
                                                                   He now provides advice and
                                  ensure delivery on long-term
Ben also runs operations for a
                                                                   strategic guidance to a
                                  vision.
media startup out of L.A.
number of Equity & Security
token offerings.
MIKE CARPER
Energi is always looking for
MASTERNODES                       exceptionally talented
Mike is actively involved with    individuals to add to our team
multiple Masternode coin          or advisor panel. To learn
communities. He identifies        more, please view our hiring
usability issues and help audit   policies.
and improve setup guides.         energi.world/join-our-team/
22




APPENDIX
A Treasury System for Cryptocurrencies: Enabling Better Collaborative Intelligence
A technically complicated article about voting systems and algorithms within treasury
systems, may be good as a reference and/or further reading.
https://eprint.iacr.org/2018/435.pdf
Bitcoin Whitepaper: https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf
Dash Whitepaper: https://github.com/dashpay/dash/wiki/Whitepaper
REFERENCES
¹https://www.w3.org/History/19921103-hypertext/hypertext/WWW/TheProject.html
²https://coinsavage.com/content/2018/03/state-cryptocurrency-market/
³https://www.accaglobal.com/uk/en/student/exam-support-resources/fundamentals-exams-study-resou
rces/f7/technical-articles/iasb-conceptual-framework-financial-reporting.html
⁴https://www.livecoinwatch.com/price/Energi-NRG
5https://www.economist.com/the-economist-explains/2018/07/09/why-bitcoin-uses-so-much-energy
DISCLAIMER
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable laws, regulations and rules, Energi entrepreneurs, team
members, etc. are not liable for any indirect, incidental or consequential damages whatsoever related to
Energi. This document contains information from public market research reports, information on publicly
available technical publications, research within the Energi project, etc. While this information is generally
considered reliable, it is not intended to be a complete assurance of the accuracy or reliability of the
information. No information contained in this document should be considered business, legal or financial
advice on Energi. All information contained in Energi's homepage, White Paper, and other documents is
provided as a best practice and is not binding. This document contains information in regards to R&D and
business planning for Energi. Energi does not assume any liability for the following released information,
for any doubts you should get legal, financial, and tax related experts' advice. Statements made in this
White Paper are, except where otherwise stated, subject to changes.
23




F





