 

Silkos (SLK) Technical White Paper 
 
July 12, 2017 
Abstract: The Silkos (SLK) software and network will facilitate a decentralized 
marketplace for trades or services of any form within local legislation. 

 

The Silkos (SLK) trading structure will be designed and engineered to enable vertical and 
horizontal scaling of a decentralized, anonymous and safe trading application where 100% 
safety of trade can be guaranteed. The community, applications and SLK network will 
provide similar services as any online marketplace that we currently know off and use. 

 

This will be supported by creating an operating system which upon applications can be 
build and expanded on. The software provides accounts, authentication, databases, a 
community, network and asynchronous communication. The resulting technology is a 
trading platform and architecture that can employ and serve the population worldwide with 
a direct payment interface due to the blockchain technology. This technology will be based 
on the Ethereum, Bitcoin and FIAT (USD/EUR) currencies and provides full anonymity and 
safety for the provider or buyer of offered goods or services. 

Users of the Silkos (SLK) network can transact anonymous and safe in all cases. The user and 
provider interaction system will be based on: Windows, Macintosh and mobile applications 
for Android and Apple. 

 

PLEASE NOTE: CRYPTOGRAPHIC TOKENS REFERRED TO IN THIS WHITE PAPER 
REFER TO CRYPTOGRAPHIC TOKENS ON A LAUNCHED BLOCKCHAIN THAT 
ADOPTS THE Silkos (SLK) SOFTWARE. THEY DO NOT REFER TO THE ERC-20 
COMPATIBLE TOKENS BEING DISTRIBUTED ON THE ETHEREUM BLOCKCHAIN 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE Silkos (SLK) TOKEN DISTRIBUTION. 

 

Copyright © 2017 Silkos (SLK) 

Without permission, anyone may use, reproduce or distribute any material in this 
white paper for non-commercial and educational use (i.e., other than for a fee or for 
commercial purposes) provided that the original source and the applicable copyright 
notice are cited. 

 

DISCLAIMER: This Silkos (SLK) Technical White Paper is for informative purposes only. Silkos (SLK)does not guarantee the 
accuracy of or the conclusions reached in this white paper, and this white paper is provided “as is”. Silkos (SLK) does not make 
and expressly disclaims all representations and warranties, express, implied, statutory or otherwise, whatsoever, including, but 
not limited to: (i) warranties of merchant ability, fitness for a particular purpose, suitability, usage, title or no infringement; (ii) 
that the contents of this white paper are free from error; and (iii) that such contents will not infringe third-party rights. Silkos 
(SLK) and its affiliates shall have no liability for damages of any kind arising out of the use, reference to, or reliance on this 
white paper or any of the content contained herein, even if advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event will Silkos 
(SLK) or its affiliates be liable to any person or entity for any damages, losses, liabilities, costs or expenses of any kind, whether 
direct or indirect, consequential, compensatory, incidental, actual, exemplary, punitive or special for the use of, reference to, or 
reliance on this white paper or any of the content contained herein, including, without limitation, any loss of business, revenues, 
profits, data, use, goodwill or other intangible losses. 

                                                                                  1                                                Silkos(SLK)Whitepaper2017 
 

 

Table of Contents 
 

1.  Background 

 

1.1  Blockchain 

1.2  Silkos (SLK) Tokens 

1.3  Silkos (SLK) Vision 

 

2.  Silkos (SLK) List of demands and requirements 

 

 

2.1  Support millions of users 

2.2  Easy Upgrades and Bug Recovery 

2.3  Safety First 

2.4  Banishment of illegal, harmful or offensive content 

2.5  Sequential Performance 

2.6 Parallel Performance 

2.7 Guaranteed anonymity and safety 

2.8 Separating Transaction costs from Token Value 

2.9 Community Benefit Applications 

2.10 Web Assembly (WASM) 

3.  Conditions of payment 

 

4.  Long term business plan 

4.1  Multiple forms of traveling 

4.2  Set new standard 

4.3  Make the earth a little bit more green and sustainable 

4.4  Connect society and start networking 

4.5  Reduce traffic jams 

4.6  NFC payment system 

 

5. Conclusion 

 

 

 

 

 

                                                                                  2                                                Silkos(SLK)Whitepaper2017 
 

 

 

1.  Background 

1.1 Blockchain 

Blockchain technology was introduced in 2008 with the launch of the bitcoin currency, and 
since then entrepreneurs and developers have been attempting to generalize the technology 
in order to support a wider range of applications on a single blockchain platform. Platforms 
differences from each other with the value they can add to the community or humanity. 
Silkos (SLK) is mainly focusing on a trading platform in which a 100% guarantee off safety 
an anonymity can be provided. 

  

1.2 Silkos (SLK) Tokens and payment 

We are offering the opportunity to trade or buy around the globe with no limitations and a 
100% guarantee of safe service and delivery. The service will be based on our Silkos (SLK) 
tokens and this will come with many advantages regarding to speed of transaction, safety 
and anonymity. Silkos (SLK) based transactions are only charged with the original ETC-20 
mining charge. 

 

Every transaction based on EUR, USD, Bitcoin or Ethereum will be accepted and shifted into 
Silkos (SLK) tokens by the Silkos (SLK)  network. Here for a small amount off service rate 
will be charged to every transaction based on EUR/USD/BTC/ETH. The service costs are 
charged with 0,25% of the initial  payment. 

 

Payments of transactions in seller accounts will be received in SLK tokens. For the shifting of 
currencies a minimal amount (0,25% of the initial payment) of service costs will be charged. 
Payments received on a Silkos (SLK) account to an external account are facilitated in 
EUR/USD/BTC/ETH. 

 

1.3 Silkos (SLK) Vision 

The Silkos (SLK) project was initially started by a group of young and dedicated developers 
who took the initiative to develop a decentralized trading platform with the dream to create 
a new standard for online trades for offers vs demands. Our goal is to create and fund a 
global platform that provides a safe and easy way of trading. A trading platform in which 
100% safety of delivery will be guaranteed. Within ten next years we hope to create a  
well-known and mass adopted platform of trading that literary anyone with a smartphone or 
computer will be able to use. 

 

The first derivable and objective of the Silkos (SLK) team is to provide society with a trading 
platform founded on a supply and demand Eco-system. A service and network that can 
either be deployed to earn money by offering or get possession of any form content or 
services. 

                                                                                  3                                                Silkos(SLK)Whitepaper2017 
 

 

 

2. Silkos (SLK) List of demands and 
requirements 

2.1 Support millions of users 

Disrupting online businesses or trading platforms such as Ebay, Aliexpress or Amazon 
require blockchain technology capable to support the handling of simultaneously multiple 
millions of active users. Silkos (SLK) network will be based on similar technology with a 
different payment system for services and a goods. A completely new structural 
environment for comparable transactions supported with blockchain technology, databases 
and back-end development platform. 

  

2.2 Easy Upgrades and Bug Recovery 

Businesses building blockchain based applications need the flexibility to enhance their 
applications with new features. 

All non-trivial software is subject to bugs, even with the most rigorous of formal verification. 
The platform has to be developed with such a way of robustness fix or compensate bugs 
when they inevitably occur. As we strongly demand, receive and process feedback, we will 
be able to adjust on the upcoming technologies (e.g. splits in cryptocurrencies) and adjust 
our application on the demand of the users on both parties (drivers and costumers) 

 

2.3 Safety First 

One main focus area of the project will definitely lay within guaranteed safety of transaction 
for our users, trades and services. First off all there will be a blacklist for malicious users of 
the Silkos (SLK) network. For every transaction the initial payment will be stored in a 
temporarily Silkos (SLK) transfer account. Only after conformation and acceptance of 
delivery of goods the initial payment will be transferred to the second party, in this case the 
seller. The system of transactions and payment will be explained in a more extended and 
explanatory way in chapter 3 of the whitepaper. 

Due to the blockchain technology any form of malicious and unwanted behavior can be 
traced back to individual accounts involved. The Silkos (SLK) team will freeze the transfer 
wallet of this particular trade and keep it locked until further investigation to the matter is 
processed. 

 

2.4 Banishment of illegal, harmful or offensive content 

Silkos (SLK) project has a major focus on a sustainable, environment and user friendly 
trading platform and eco system. Every single transaction offer will therefore be rated by the 
Silkos (SLK) team or moderated by fellow users due to a reward system for finding illegal 
content. Only trusted users of your community are able to make use of this system. Only 
after a random system check by locally and double approval off content the subject will be 
placed on the Silkos (SLK) network. Therefore any illegal, harmful or offensive content will 
be minimized and in theory hopefully never be facilitated on the Silkos (SLK) network. After 
double rejection of content users will be investigated and possibly permanently banned. 

 

                                                                                  4                                                Silkos(SLK)Whitepaper2017 
 

 

2.5 Sequential Performance 

There are some applications that just cannot be implemented with parallel algorithms due to 
sequentially dependent steps. Applications such as exchanges need enough sequential 
performance to handle high volumes and therefore a platform with fast sequential 
performance is required. So therefor we cannot promise anything with participation within 
other platforms, but we will try to provide everything on our own. 

 

2.6 Parallel Performance 

Large scale applications need to divide the workload across multiple CPUs and computers. 
That’s why we are building on the blockchain technology. Payment systems are quite 
complicated and therefore we will build a system to secure that all payments are fluently 
transferred. 

 

2.7 Guaranteed anonymity and safety 

Silkos (SLK) will provide an extra encrypted layer added to maintain the security and 
anonymity of our user accounts and payment details. FIAT money (USD/EUR) will be 
transferred into Silkos (SLK) tokens. This requires an additional service which also will be 
charged with a minimal amount of service costs. After the transfer to Silkos (SLK) tokens the 
payment will be stored in the Silkos (SLK) transfer deposit until conformation of service. 

 

 2.8 Separating transaction costs from Token Value 

One of the major benefits of the Silkos (SLK) software is that the amount of fee available to 
an application is dependent of the token price. If an application owner holds a relevant 
number of tokens on a blockchain adopting Silkos (SLK) software, then the application can 
run indefinitely within a fixed state and bandwidth usage. In other words, a blockchain that 
adopts the Silkos (SLK) software enables block producers to naturally increase bandwidth, 
computation, and storage available per token. 

 

2.9 Community benefits applications and services. 

Other applications/services can also benefit through our software. Young or innovative 
trading companies who are willing to participate or invest in this new form of trading.  

 

Startups, freelancers, suppliers or buyers who want to trade their product without the 
service of retailers or other kinds of middle parties. This also applies to offers for services 
that include or oblige multiple deliverable´s on a longer or sequential or floating timeline. 
The total amount of funds will be stored in a unique transaction wallet and will be only 
released and transferred after confirmed delivery of work packages, goods, services or 
deliverables from all parties have been met. 

 

In cases of any form of disagreement between parties the Silkos (SLK) team will further 
invest the matter and legally determine if all parties have honored their initial agreements 
due to reasonable terms of capability and expectations. 

 

 

                                                                                  5                                                Silkos(SLK)Whitepaper2017 
 

 

2.10 Web Assembly (WASM) 

Web Assembly is an emerging web standard for building high performance web 
applications. With a few small modifications Web Assembly can be made deterministic and 
sandboxed. The benefit of Web Assembly is the widespread support from industry and that 
it enables contracts to be developed in familiar languages such as C or C++. 

 

 

                                                                                  6                                                Silkos(SLK)Whitepaper2017 
 

 

 

3. Conditions of trading 

Based on the Silkos (SLK) trading platform we aim to create a user friendly and safe trading 
platform and Eco-system. We are offering the opportunity to trade or buy anywhere around 
the globe with no limitations and a 100% guarantee of safe service and delivery. The service 
will be based on our Silkos (SLK) tokens and this will come with many advantages regarding 
to speed of transaction, safety and anonymity. Transactions based on Silkos (SLK) are free of 
charge. 

 

The Silkos (SLK) network will search for supplying and demanding parties which the system 
couples by trade purposes and intentions. If two (or multiple) parties find each other on the 
Silkos (SLK) network and have come to an agreement of trade the following process will be 
put into operation. 

Buying partie(s) confirm acceptance of initial trade or service as has been  
offered or compose a list of expectations and demands for the trade. 

Offering partie(s) will commit to full deliverable of services. 

The The Silkos (SLK) network will create a temporary and unique trading safe     

 wallet for this particular agreement. 

Buying parties will make the total payment off trade. 

Funds will now be stored and frozen and stored in the trading wallet on the  

Silkos (SLK) network. 

All parties meet to initial agreements and deliverables.   

All parties confirm all services and agreements have been met and deliverd. 

The Silkos (SLK) network transfers the funds from the transaction safe to the 
individual partie(s). 

 

1. 
 

2. 

3. 

4. 

5. 

6. 

7. 

8. 
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
Every transaction based on EUR, USD, Bitcoin or Ethereum will be accepted and shifted into Silkos (SLK) tokens by the Silkos (SLK)  
network. Here for a small amount off service rate will be charged to every transaction based on EUR/USD/BTC/ETH. The service costs are 
charged with 0,25% of the initial  payment. 

Payments of transactions in seller accounts will be received in SLK tokens. For the shifting of currencies a minimal amount (0,25% of the 
initial payment) of service costs will be charged. Payments received on a Silkos (SLK) account to an external account are facilitated in 
EUR/USD/BTC/ETH. 

                                                                                  7                                                Silkos(SLK)Whitepaper2017 
 

 

 

4.  Long-term business plan 

4.1 Multiple forms of trading 

The Silkos (SLK) network will literally support any legal form trading that we have seen 
today in any forms of trading platforms. 

 

4.2 Set new standard 

Silkos (SLK) is aiming to be the new standard in trading for goods or services. The initial 
service will be for a consumer to consumer, or business to consumer market but B2B services 
will definitely also be on the long term roadmap. 

 

4.3 Make the trading easy and accessible. 

Silkos (SLK) team wants to open up the world for anyone who has something to offer 
neglecting their network, age, race, gender, background or education. Anyone who has 
something to offer to the market can join our international community and offer their 
product to the crowd without the dependency of middle parties. 

  

4.4 Connect society and start networking 

Next to the practical purpose Silkos (SLK) will also serve a social and networking purpose in 
the near future. People looking for new business, partnerships, networking, romance, 
friendships or maybe just some small talk can add find each other on our network. Trades do 
in no matter have to be involved with actual funds. 

 

4.5 NFC payment system 

Silkos (SLK) users can pay or charge for their trade in real life by just holding their 
smartphones together and click on the approve button within the Silkos (SLK) app.   

 

 

                                                                                  8                                                Silkos(SLK)Whitepaper2017 
 

 

 

5.  Conclusion 

The goal of the Silkos (SLK) network, platform and eco system is to offer society a new an 
innovative way of trading bases on individual or multiple parties. An global, safe, 
international and decentralized platform. Supported with an active community and 
disregarding the need for middle parties or the and demand to own credit-cards, multiple 
kinds of FIAT money or PayPall kind of services. 

A decentralized environment of peer to peer trading that literately offers anyone around the 
globe with internet access the change to participate to this trading environment. The first key 
point is to deliver a consumer to consumer and business to consumer services platform. This 
creates opportunity for any individual to offer their goods or services without having the 
need to the involvement of middle parties. After that the international businesses to 
businesses platform will be part of our roadmap. 

A safe, well known and respected trading environment that guarantees commitment of 
services and will hopefully never facilitate non legal or malicious activities. We trust to 
commit to these expectations by moderating our content and develop a rewarding system for 
users that report any form of illegal content. 

We hope in the future to offer society a global enrolled platform that everyone with a 
smartphone, tablet or computer can access and use. In the long term we hope to not only 
offer P2P services but also to create an environment in which entrepreneurs and startup 
businesses can profile themselves on without the need to for involvement of middle parties, 
retailers or other organizations. 

 

 

                                                                                  9                                                Silkos(SLK)Whitepaper2017 
 

