A Decentralized Affiliate Marketing and Advertising Solution

October 2017

1

CONTENT
Vision ...........................................................................................3
The Foreground Solution ........................................................4
Market Landscape .....................................................................6
Why Ethereum ...........................................................................8
Competition ...............................................................................9
An Open Reputation System ..................................................10
Go-To-Market Strategy ............................................................12
Timeline And Features .............................................................18
Component Overview ..............................................................20
Deal Token Sale .........................................................................21
Team .............................................................................................25

2

VISION

Foreground is the only affiliate marketing and advertising solution that connects advertisers and 
publishers on both the traditional Internet and the rapidly growing decentralized web (Web 3.0). 
Foreground solves numerous problems in the affiliate marketing industry by making marketing 
simpler, cheaper, more transparent, and providing a novel way for advertisers and publishers to build 
reputations based on an immutable ledger of verifiable conversion data. Our vision involves building a 
product that positively impacts the industry by reinstalling trust in the market for affiliate marketing, 
while simultaneously reducing transaction costs via disintermediation using blockchain technology.

3

THE FOREGROUND SOLUTION

Advertisers spend nearly seven billion dollars on affiliate marketing every 
year, but almost 40 percent of that spend never makes it to publishers. The 
cause of this is a market controlled by middle men whose incentives aren’t 
aligned with the interests of publishers’ and advertisers’. Networks and 
service providers capture too much spend, leaving advertisers struggling 
to see a return on their affiliate programs and publishers struggling to 
convert their traffic into earnings.

4

Foreground removes these middle men, replacing them with a 
system that directly connects advertisers and publishers. Our 
product codifies affiliate ad services directly on the blockchain in 
the form of smart contracts – contracts that operate without the 
possibility of fraud, censorship, or abuse. Foreground revitalizes 
the affiliate marketing industry by making it simpler, more 
transparent, and more efficient.

Foreground also has functionality that allows advertisers to 
automatically pay publishers directly from their incoming Ether 
transactions. This functionality is enabled by the creation of Relay 
Addresses that are unique to each publisher. The relay addresses 
look like they are normal Ethereum accounts, but they are actually 
contracts that have the information necessary to split incoming funds 
correctly between advertisers and publishers. This functionality 
allows Dapps, token sales, and ICOs to host affiliate programs that 
do an automatic revenue share with their affiliates in a decentralized 
way, making everyone happy.

5

It is also possible for advertisers and publishers to work directly 
with one another without an intermediary network. This 
arrangement is referred to as working direct, and is usually 
facilitated by off-the-shelf or cloud-based technology tools that 
connect advertisers and publishers via technology similar to what a 
network would provide.

Advertisers consider a variety of factors when deciding whether or 
not to manage their own affiliate program, including:

MARKET LANDSCAPE

Modern affiliate networks are closed off, insulated, private 
organizations that are expensive to operate. They charge fees 
commensurate with their bloat. Their chief functions are to:

•  Connect advertisers and publishers
•  Provide tools and technology to facilitate 

transactions

•  Provide reporting
•  Provide optimization services and training

A typical affiliate network will earn revenue in one of two 
ways: 1) by charging advertisers a portion of the revenue 
that can be attributed to affiliate generated traffic; or 2) 
by charging a fee that is a percentage of each affiliates 
commission. These fees can range from 20 to 40 percent of 
commission paid to each affiliate. Advertisers participate in 
affiliate networks in order to gain access to a large number 
of affiliates. Conversely, affiliates participate in affiliate 
networks in order to gain access to a large pool of potential 
advertisers. Both parties benefit from the technology 
supplied by the network.

6

Foreground is a unique and novel solution that resembles a blend 
between these two options it exhibits many of the benefits of both 
approaches. In this context it can be thought of as a protocol that 
facilitates the direct connection of advertisers and publishers, while 
still providing a network-like solution for payments, discovery, and 
tooling.

Price
Foreground enables extremely low advertiser costs and 
high affiliate commissions because the system is completely 
automated.

Control of Program
Individual advertisers have complete control of which affiliates 
are allowed  into their  programs.

Program Restrictions
Foreground is an open platform. Each participant decides 
individually who he/she would like to partner with. There is not 
one central network authority who determines what is or is not 
allowed and objectionable.

Credibility
Credibility on the Foreground network is determined by each 
individual participants reputation, which is based on that 
individuals immutable history of conversions (for publishers) or 
payments (for advertisers).

Access to Affiliates
Foreground has network-like discovery characteristics because 
it allows advertisers and affiliates to interact in a standardized 
way over a common interface exposed on the Ethereum 
blockchain.

Support and Services
Advertisers using the Foreground network must manage their 
affiliate programs as if they were working directly with their 
affiliates because they are.
 

7

WHY ETHEREUM?

The Foreground team chose to use blockchain technology because 
it allows for the creation of promotions and advertisements as 
natively digital assets that can be safely modified by many parties 
without the need for a complex permission system. The blockchain’s 
immutability ensures that Foreground can build an incontestable 
history of paid conversions, which serves as a basis for the 
network’s reputation system. Robust fault tolerance and native 
tokens for payment were also important considerations.

The Foreground team chose Ethereum, specifically, for a few 
reasons:

•  Ethereum is the most advanced platform for the 

construction of decentralized apps (Dapps)

•  Ethereum has the largest community of blockchain 

developers sharing tools, best practices, and knowledge 
about Dapp development

•  Ethereum has the best tooling to allow the interaction 

with Dapps

•  Ethereum is the most secure network that is built for the 

creation of Dapps

8

COMPETITION

Advertisers running an affiliate program can generally 
do so by using either an affiliate network or an affiliate 
software platform. Affiliate networks build twosided 
markets (networks) of advertisers and publishers that 
are valuable because of their network effect. Affiliate 
software platforms, on the other hand, are sold business-
to-advertiser and attempt to provide advertisers with the 
tooling they need to manage their own affiliate programs.

A list of major players is below. This list is incomplete and 
for reference only.

Networks

ClickBank
CJ Affiliate
Avangate
ShareASale
Rakuten

Software Platforms

iDevAffiliate
Post Affiliate Pro
OSI Affiliate

9

AN OPEN REPUTATION SYSTEM

A traditional affiliate application currently includes the following information 
supplied by the affiliate:

•  Name
•  Email Address
•  Phone Number
•  Website URL
•  Website Traffic (monthly/daily visitor count)
•  Tax Information

None of the information supplied by the affiliate is easily verifiable, and this 
information is often fraudulently entered. Additionally, the applying affiliate 
usually only determines the effectiveness (or ineffectiveness) of an advertiser’s 
campaign after they have invested substantial time and effort in the campaign.

The Foreground network uses the conversion and payment history of 
advertisers and publishers as the basis for a reputation system. Specifically, 
Foreground allows publishers to see each advertiser’s history of payments 
before deciding to host that advertiser’s advertisements. Conversely, 
Foreground allows advertisers to see a potential publisher’s complete on-
chain track record of conversions as part of the publisher’s affiliate application. 
The first version of Foreground will treat all of this data as completely public, 
but future versions of the system will allow publishers and advertisers to 
selectively reveal their reputation and transaction history (due to the sensitive 
nature of this data).

10

Foreground specifically captures the following information for 
each payment:

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

The date and time of the payment
The sender of the payment
The recipient of the payment
The amount of the payment
Full information about the related advertisement
Full information about the bonded Ether balance
Blockchain specific data (block number, etc...)
All relevant meta data

By making this data transparent and verifiable, Foreground 
gives advertisers and publishers the information they need to 
make better decisions about what’s best for them and their 
business. This transparency weeds out poor performing affiliates, 
malicious affiliates, and non-paying advertisers, ensuring that 
the network has high quality participants on both sides of the 
market.

11

GO-TO-MARKET 
STRATEGY

Opportunity
Foregrounds novel, transparent affiliate platform 
presents five major market opportunities.

A decentralized affiliate marketing and 
advertising solution for decentralized applications 
The decentralized app (Dapp) ecosystem is currently 
experiencing explosive growth and current 
advertising and affiliate platforms are ill equipped 
to capitalize on this growing market. Traditional 
networks do not integrate well with decentralized 
applications because they were built to service the 
traditional Internet (using Internet domain names 
rather than ENS names, for instance). Foreground is 
built from the ground up to service both traditional 
publishers and publishers of decentralized 
applications. Additionally, Foreground’s native, on-
chain advertisements and promotions are extremely 
simple to install in a decentralized app – apps 
that already have functioning connections to the 
Ethereum blockchain.

A marketing tool for ICOs and token sales 
ICOs and Token sales represent one of the fastest 
growing markets in the tech space. Over three 
billion dollars have been raised in token sales as 
of September of 2017. Foreground is the only full-
featured marketing tool that is in a position to service 
this rapidly growing space. Raising funds via a token 
sale or ICO is inherently different from raising 
venture capital funds for a variety of reasons, but one 
of the most striking differences is the need for token 
sales and ICOs to reach a much greater number of 
buyers to be successful. For this reason, affiliate 
marketing doesn’t make sense in the VC space, but 
becomes a critical factor of success in token sales and 
ICOs. Foreground has no competitors in this space.

12

Positioning Foreground as an option that exists between 
networks and selfrun affiliate programs 
Advertisers currently have two choices when deciding how 
to run their affiliate programs. They can either run their 
programs themselves and be in complete control of their 
program, but have to build their affiliate workforce from 
scratch, or they can join a network, incurring high fees in 
exchange for better access to affiliates. An opportunity exists 
in creating a third option: creating an open platform where 
advertisers and affiliates can meet and do business via a 
common, smart-contract-driven interface, while still allowing 
advertisers to run their own affiliate program.

A first-to-market solution for verified advertiser and 
affiliate reputation 
Current affiliate solutions do not offer proof of an advertisers 
history of payments or an affiliates history of successful 
conversions. An opportunity exists to be the first affiliate 
solution that allows advertisers and publishers to have 
historical performance data available when deciding who to 
partner with.

An extremely low cost affiliate offering 
Because the Foreground affiliate network exists only as fully 
automated computer code, the cost of participating in the 
network can be greatly reduced when compared to traditional 
affiliate networks. Marketing a close-to-free solution for 
advertisers allows Foreground to position itself as a service 
that you have little to lose by trying. Ultimately, low costs for 
advertisers allow higher commissions for affiliates.

13

Initial  Target Market
An affiliate network that requires advertisers and affiliates to transact in Ether and Ether-based currencies will have difficulty 
recruiting enough participants that are familiar enough, and comfortable enough, with the technology. Foregrounds initial 
target market is narrow and deep, and we expect early adopters to be those who are already transacting in Ether and are 
already comfortable with blockchain technology. These parties can be separated into two groups:

Advertisers
Advertisers participating on the Foreground network would be 
required to run full ethereum nodes on their web servers, or 
utilize Foregrounds trustful HTTP interface. These participating 
advertisers would also have to understand the concept of Ether, 
believe in its value, and be comfortable in the exchange rate risk 
inherent in holding Ether. For these reasons, the most likely early 
advertiser participants in the Foreground network will be those 
advertisers that already run Ethereum nodes. Major cryptocurrency 
exchanges, cryptocurrency service companies, retailers who 
already accept cryptocurrency payments, and those already 
offering cryptocurrency affiliate programs would be best suited for 
early partnerships.

Affiliates
The barrier to entry for affiliates is lower than that of advertisers. 
Affiliate participants in the Foreground network require an 
Ethereum wallet to get started. They must also believe that Ether 
is a valuable and reasonable form of payment for their services 
as affiliates. Many affiliates would also likely have a desire to 
ultimately sell their Ether for some form of fiat currency, so 
probable affiliates must also be comfortable selling Ether via 
an Ether marketplace or exchange. Given these attributes, the 
most likely early affiliates on the Foreground network are users 
who already possess Ether wallets/addresses and are looking to 
earn Ether using the Foreground platform. These likely affiliates 
fall into two subcategories: those who are already publishers 
on the traditional Internet (with a high likelihood of publishing 
technology-related content), and creators of decentralized 
applications. This second group – creators of decentralized 
applications – will soon be searching for decentralized 
advertisements in order to monetize their traffic.

14

Immediately addressable markets 
There two immediately addressable markets 
for Foreground’s decentralized affiliate 
marketing tools: the market for ICOs and the 
market for cryptocurrency-based products 
and services. A third market opportunity lives 
in the possibility of disrupting existing affiliate 
players by offering a tool that is lower cost, 
more transparent, and more fair. Each of these 
three market opportunities is attractive, and 
each on their own provides ample room for 
Foreground to prosper.

Market and product timing
Foreground operates with the advantage of 
being at the epicenter of the cryptocurrency 
boom. The technology, tooling, and 
organizational infrastructure required to build 
a product like Foreground are just now in 
their infancy. Additionally, the cryptocurrency 
space is still small enough to enable easy 
personal connections and partnerships, but 
large enough to be a market worth tackling. 
Foreground is especially well situated by 
having a tangible product among competitors 
have chased the cryptocurrency boom and are 
simply selling vaporware.

15

Differentiation
The key differentiators of the Foreground network are:

•  Decentralized app and blockchain compatibility
•  An open reputation system
•  Cryptocurrency as  a means of payment

Decentralized app and blockchain compatibility 
Foreground is well positioned to capitalize on the explosive 
growth of the decentralized app ecosystem. Advertising and 
promotion solutions built on and for the traditional Internet are 
not well suited to meet the needs of publishers of decentralized 
applications. Advertisements and promotions hosted on 
Foreground are easy to integrate into decentralized applications 
built on Ethereum because decentralized applications already 
have access to the raw blockchain data that serves as the 
foundation of the system.

An open reputation system 
Foreground will be the only tool on the market that offers 
completely open and transparent affiliate data. It is the only tool 
that allows for the public retrieval of an advertisers’ or publishers’ 
history of payments or conversions, making it the first reputation-
based affiliate offering on the market.

Cryptocurrency as a means of payment 
Foreground is the only advertising network that uses a major 
cyptocurrency as a means of payment and compensation for 
network participants. This allows for low-cost payments between 
parties and psuedo-anonymous interaction with the Foreground 
platform.

16

Risks
Adoption Networks succeed by establishing a critical mass of participants. Any newly 
formed network that involves the buying or selling of goods and services is at risk of 
dying before both sides of the market reach this critical mass. Foreground intends 
to achieve critical mass by initially focusing on a narrow but deep target market – 
cryptocurrency-based businesses (both advertisers and publishers) and Ethereum 
enthusiasts.

Ethereum Platform
The Ethereum network is nascent, experimental, and largely unproven. Right now 
it is the most advanced blockchain for the construction of decentralized apps. 
There is a substantial risk inherent in developing on a new technology and it is 
unclear whether Ethereum will scale to support a universe of decentralized apps. 
Additionally, processes for the deployment and updating of Dapps are not well 
defined. Foreground will be following current Dapp development best practices to 
mitigate this risk.

Ecosystem
The success of the Foreground network is closely tied to the success of the Ethereum 
network. It is unrealistic to believe that a decentralized application built on top of 
Ethereum could survive if the underlying technology was not successful. In particular, 
Foreground uses Ether as the token to facilitate payments on the network, so Ether 
maintaining its value is critical to the ongoing operation of the Foreground network.

17

TIMELINE AND FEATURES

January 20, 2017
The Beginning
The first lines of code for Foreground are written.

May 4, 2017
Prototype
The prototype of Foreground is already finished. An early, working 
version of the prototype was presented to the Chicago Ethereum 
Meetup group on May 4th, 2017. This prototype contained 
functionality that allowed promotions to be persisted to the 
Ethereum blockchain, a payment system, simple publisher tools, 
and basic reporting capabilities. It is a fully functioning Dapp.

November 2017
Beta
The Foreground beta will contain features specifically designed 
for token sales and ICOs, including the ability to establish smart 
contract powered affiliate programs that integrate directly with 
ERC-20 token sale contracts. The beta will support 300x250 image 
ads as well as reporting tools that are more advanced than those 
presented in the prototype. The beta version of Foreground will 
be deployed to production and will be used for Foreground’s own 
token sale.

• 
• 
• 

ICO and Token Sale Affiliate Programs
300x250 image format
Advanced Reporting

• 
• 
• 
• 

Advertisements  and Promotions
Payment System
Publisher Tools
Basic Reporting

18

Estimated: 3rd Quarter of 2018
Version 1.0
Version 1.0 of Foreground will contain advanced features for 
advertisers such as the ability to selectively approve conversions 
and the ability to set up tiered payouts. Version 1.0 will also 
include advanced reporting tools for advertisers and publishers, as 
well as support for multiple different attribution models.

•  Whitelisting Publishers
•  Tiered Payouts
•  Manual Conversion Approval
•  Additional Reporting Improvements
• 
 

 Multiple Attribution Methods

Date TBD
Future Versions
Future versions of Foreground will include support for video 
advertisements/promotions, tiered payout systems, features that 
will allow efficient handling of 2nd layer solutions.

Video Ads/Promotions
Support for Stable Coins
Prep for 2nd Layer Extensions
Other Features

• 
• 
• 
• 
 

19

COMPONENT OVERVIEW

This diagram shows an overview  of  the components of  the 
Foreground system.  This architecture is already in place, powering the 
fully functional end-to-end prototype/MVP. This is merely a reference 
architecture that may or may not resemble the final architecture as 
features are added.

Foreground has been designed so that it can be used in a fully 
trustless manner by Dapps. It also has well understood trust-
points when used by advertisers and publishers on the traditional 
Internet. The Ad Factory component provides a mechanism for 
Publishers to utilize off-chain data to make decisions about which 
ads to display. Publishers are able to choose which Ad Factory 
implementation they trust, if any.

20

DEAL TOKEN SALE

Foreground DEAL tokens allow advertisers to get discounts on promotions created 
through the Foreground Decentralized Application (Dapp). Promotions can be created 
with or without DEAL tokens, but advertisers that use DEAL tokens will have their 
promotions featured more prominently on the Foreground Dapp. More importantly, 
each Foreground DEAL token provides a 80% discount on Foreground’s fees for 
advertisers, up to a maximum of 0.5 ETH. DEAL tokens are burned when they are used 
and no new DEAL tokens will ever be created after the initial offering. DEAL Tokens 
will be sold for 0.08 ETH during the token sale, with discounts for early purchasers.

At a Glance
Total Issuance:
450,000 Token total supply
333,000 Max tokens sold to the public -- 20,000 Token floor/minimum

Redemption Value:
1 DEAL Token = 80% off fees up to a maximum 0.5 ETH

Token Sale Price:
1 DEAL Token = 0.05 ETH

Symbol: DEAL

First tier - 0.05 ETH
Second tier - 0.06 ETH
Third tier - 0.065 ETH
Fourth tier - 0.07 ETH
Fifth tier - 0.08 ETH

74% Public Sale
10% Development Team
10% Partnerships
4% Strategic Incentives
2% Bounty

21

DEAL Token Bonuses
Early purchasers of DEAL tokens will be rewarded with bonuses. 
These bonuses will start at 60% for the earliest purchasers and will 
reduce every 21600 blocks until it is zero by the end of the sale.

22

DEAL Value Correlated to Platform Use
This chart indicates the redemption value of DEAL tokens 
for hypothetical advertising purchases and shows how the 
redemption value of DEAL tokens fluctuates with the usage of the 
Foreground platform. This chart assumes a 5% Foreground fee, 
which is subject to change.

23

DEAL Value Correlated to the 
Price of Ether
The USD value of each DEAL token 
is also dependent on the price of 
Ether because the token’s value is 
denominated in Ether. Below is a 
table that indicates the maximum 
redemption value of each DEAL token 
at different Ether prices. The table 
also illustrates the difference between 
this USD price and the price required 
to acquire DEAL tokens in the token 
sale. The below table and chart 
assume an Ether price of 250 USD/
ETH at the time of the token sale.

24

DEAL Value  Correlated to Platform Use
Below is a table that indicates the redemption value of DEAL 
tokens for hypothetical advertising purchases and shows how the 
redemption value of DEAL tokens fluctuates with the usage of the 
Foreground platform. This table assumes a 5% Foreground  fee, 
which is subject to  change.

25

An example: Andy is launching a token sale. He wants to promote 
his token sale by running a 100 ETH promotion on Foreground. 
He buys 4 tokens in the Foreground token sale for 0.05 ETH per 
token, for a total purchase price of 0.2 ETH. Andy later redeems his 
tokens for discounts on his Foreground fees. His tokens are worth 
80% of his Foreground fees up to a maximum of 0.5 ETH per token. 
In Andy’s case, his tokens will be worth the maximum of 0.5 ETH. 
Before redeeming his tokens the price of Ether triples, making 
Andy’s tokens worth exactly 30 times more than he payed for them 
in the token sale. His tokens are burned on redemption, reducing 
the total supply of available tokens. This example assumes a 5% 
Foreground fee.

A second example: Tom is launching a token sale. He wants 
to promote his token sale by running a 50 ETH promotion on 
Foreground. He buys 2 tokens in the Foreground token sale for 
0.05 ETH per token, for a total purchase price of 0.1 ETH. Tom later 
redeems his tokens for discounts on his Foreground fees. His tokens 
are worth 80% of his Foreground fees up to a maximum of 0.5 ETH 
per token. In Tom’s case, his tokens will be worth the maximum 
of 0.5 ETH, exactly 10 times more than he payed for them in the 
token sale. His tokens are burned on redemption, reducing the total 
supply of available tokens. This example assumes a 5% Foreground 
fee.

A third example: Bob owns a business that sells t-shirts online. He 
wants to promote his business by running a 10 ETH promotion on 
Foreground. He buys 1 DEAL token in the Foreground token sale for 
0.05 ETH, for a total purchase price of
0.05 ETH. Bob later redeems his token for a discount on his 
Foreground fees. His token is worth 80% of his Foreground fees, 
or 0.4 ETH, exactly 8 times more than he payed for it in the token 
sale. His token is burned on redemption, reducing the total supply of 
available tokens. This example assumes a 5% Foreground fee.

26

These values reflect the fund usage assuming up to 2.5 million 
USD raised. Funds raised in excess of 2.5 million USD will go 
primarily toward marketing and accelerating the development 
timeline. These allocations are subject to change and are wholly 
at the discretion of Foreground LLC. A forecast of the fund usage 
assuming the hard cap is reached is below.

60% Development

10% Contractors
5% Admin

Fund Allocation
Exactly 333,000 DEAL tokens will be offered to the public 
via a sale automated by smart contract. The start of the 
DEAL sale will be announced via the Foreground website. 
Upon conclusion of the sale, the total number of DEAL 
tokens reserved for Foreground partners, the Foreground 
development team, strategic incentives, and the bounty will 
be calculated. 4% of total DEAL tokens will be allocated to 
Foreground LLC and used as incentives for early partners. 
10% of DEAL tokens will be allocated to Foreground LLC for 
distribution to the development team. 10% of tokens will be 
allocated to early partners. 2% of tokens will be allocated to 
bounty participants. Assuming all 333,000 tokens are sold to 
the general public, a total of 450,000 tokens will be created.

Funds raised through the sale of tokens will be used as follows:
55% Development
10% Marketing
10% Contractors
10% Admin
15% Contingency and other.

55% Development

10% Contractors
10% Admin

27

TEAM

Rick Feiner Founder and CEO
Rick has over a decade of experience leading 
large enterprise software development 
projects. Rick founded Foreground because he 
wants online marketing to be simpler and more 
effective.

Shane van Coller Technical Architect
Shane has over 8 years experience building and 
architecting enterprise web applications. His 
interest in the Blockchain technology lies in its 
ability to provide an immutable, trustless and 
transparent alternative to traditional database 
backed web applications.

Scott Nelson Business Development
Scott Nelson has several years of experience 
as an investment professional and trader at 
Morgan Stanley. He is an entrepreneur who 
joined Foreground this summer to lead the 
company’s Business Development efforts.

Sergey Ilin Technical Architect
Sergey has over 10 years of experience 
building enterprise software. He joined 
Foreground because it is a great application 
of technology that elegantly solves many 
problems in online advertising.

Evan Roth Technical Advisor
Evan is a diverse technologist who has 
spent the last 15 years leading enterprise 
development teams in various industries. His 
current interests include building distributed 
apps and helping clients make sense out of 
their data with data lakes.

Michael Grandy Designer
Michael has spent the majority of his career 
working in advertising. Upon discovering 
cryptocurrency via Satoshi Nakamoto’s 
white paper, he found himself captivated by 
blockchain technology. He has since then been 
an active participant in the crypto community.

28

foreground.io

contact@foreground.io

blog.foreground.io 
foreground.slack.com

29

