BOScoin White Paper 2.0
2018. 11. 01.
Disclaimer
Abstract
Foreword
1. Introduction: Background
1.1 Understanding the Current Economic Model
Distribution Failures caused by corporate structures
Centralized financial decision-making process
Developments in information technology reduce the need for human labor
The three problems and a direction for a new economic system
1.2 Alternatives to the Current Economic System
Cryptocurrency
Commons Movement
Impact Investment
1.3 Analysis of Alternatives and a New Direction
Money and commerce as a Commons movement
The current problems of the crypto economy and our proposal
2. Proposal
2.1. Public Financing
Definition and meaning
Reverse ICO Partner Program
2.2. Congress Voting
Background
Definition
Homomorphic Encryption
Membership
Voting
Requirements
Voting Preparation : Getting a Ballot Stamp
Casting votes
Tallying the votes
3. Conclusion
Reference
BOScoin White Paper 2.0 Writers, Advisories, and Contributors




BOScoin White Paper 2.0
Disclaimer
This document is 'BOScoin White Paper 2.0', a summary of the ecosystem BOScoin constitutes and
plans to constitute. This White Paper purports to present only future plans and related information and
does not guarantee execution of the plans. Any technical innovations described in this document
are under development and not yet completely applied, unless explicitly indicated. BlockchainOS does
not provide nor guarantee any successful development and implementation of technical innovations nor
any result of activity. Information presented in this document is referenced from sources believed to be
reliable, however, there can be no assurance as to the accuracy, completeness, or adequacy of such
included information.
BlockchainOS team (BOS team) does not approve nor guarantee the value of BOScoin. BOS team
does not provide nor guarantee offers of any retrievable investment as well. To the maximum extent
permitted by the applicable laws, regulations and rules, BOS team, authors of this document, advisories,
and any third party involved in BOScoin project shall not be liable for any indirect, special, incidental,
consequential, or other losses of any kind. Investors shall be liable for their investment arising out of, or
in connection with, any acceptance of, or reliance on this White Paper. Investment should be made
depending on your own knowledge, investigation, evaluation, and judgement. If you are in any doubt as
to the actions to take, you should consult with your legal, financial, tax or other professional advisors.
This White Paper is available only from https://boscoin.io/. Any copies or duplicates of any part of
this document without the corporate identification may be made only by specific prior written permission
by BOS team. All contents herein may not be used or reproduced without the prior written consent of the
BOS team. Distribution of this document may be restricted in some nations by their laws, regulations and
rules. The act of possessing this document constitutes an agreement to the aforementioned terms.
BlockchainOS Inc.                                                                                               2




BOScoin White Paper 2.0
Abstract
The BlockchainOS team (BOS team) submits the “White Paper” — a complimentary to the first white
paper.  The  breadth  of  current  discourse  and  business  expansion  around  the  blockchain  and
cryptocurrency market calls for new strategies. BOScoin’s new project builds a global system of finance.
This community driven credit creation system aims to shock the existing paradigm with refreshing
technological and socio-economic implications.
The current capitalist system has led an era of unprecedented affluence for the past 50 years. Since
the 2008 global financial crisis, however, capitalism seems to have reached its limits. As Piketty concisely
formulated in  “Capital in the Twenty-First Century”, the intensification of economic inequality in a
corporate system, the loss of jobs with technological development, dropping consumption, the alienation
of financial sovereignty, etc. will render current society untenable. This has encouraged us to focus on
three alternatives for a new economic vision: Cryptocurrency, the Commons movement, and Impact
investment. By combining these three alternatives with blockchain technology, humanity can move
beyond shareholder capitalism, which concentrates wealth to a few shareholders. A funding model called
Public Financing (PF) can generate credit through mass participation and utilize democratic decision-
making processes. This is an effective way to utilize value created by the community. The Commons
movement was able to transcend the limits of property laws without denying the core principles of
capitalism. Likewise, BOS team wants to transcend capitalism’s limits in the most capitalist way — without
denying its core principles and merits. PF is BOScoin's vision; this model differs from other ICOs and is
BOS team’s core competitive strategy in the cryptocurrency market.
PF creates credit, not through decisions made by a central bank or government, but through the
collective consensus of individuals who use and trade real credit. BOScoin has already introduced a
governance system called the Congress Network to give its participants decision-making powers. The
BOScoin community can propose, review, and vote on new token issuance through the Congress Network.
The community as a whole has financial sovereignty, rather than it being given to a concentrated few. The
community members determine the size, volume, and base price of issuance, as well as the terms of its
usage. The community’s decision will be executed by Trust Contracts in BOScoin. Real economic assets
acquired through the issuance of BOScoins will be used by the community as commons, and thus PF will
remain “public”.
When problems arise in a community, it is important that members express their opinions and
participate. The conventional corporate system of allocating one share per dollar value or a Proof-of-stake
(PoS) system and a Delegated Proof of Stake system (DPoS) in some Blockchain projects, however, allow
those with more dollars or stake to exert more influence, dominate the system, and eventually create
greater inequality. BOS team aims to realize an anonymous voting system which enables one person /
one vote; to accomplish this, we need to verify personal identification. BOS team aims to develop the
Congress Voting system based on homomorphic encryption technology. This technique can overcome
BlockchainOS Inc.                                                                                              3




BOScoin White Paper 2.0
vulnerabilities such as key capture and data leaks. Homomorphic encryption operates directly on the
encrypted data without accessing the encrypted key. By using this encryption, BOS team is trying to create
a technology that allows only one identity per person, while at the same time allowing completely
anonymous voting on the network.
Our goal of “hacking capitalism in the most capitalist way” will overcome the limitations of the system
through the explosive potential of the crypto economy and the Commons movement. PF and Congress
Voting will be an important stepping stone for that goal. The contents that we could not cover in this White
Paper, crypto-economy model BOScoin plans to constitute and Generic Trust Third Party (GTTP) as an
element of the model, will be described in the next revised edition.
BlockchainOS Inc.                                                                                              4




BOScoin White Paper 2.0
Foreword
We started writing the BOScoin White Paper 2.0 to outline the vision of the BOS team and BOScoin
beyond the first white paper. White Paper 1.0 defined BOScoin as an alternative model to overcome the
limitations of Ethereum. It introduced the Congress Network as a means of solving the technological and
governance problems of the Trust Contracts. The Trust Contracts itself resolve the security issues faced
by smart contracts and mFBAs (FBAs which accept open membership). An economic model called the
Commons Budget was introduced to fund the BOScoin ecosystem into the future. However, we re-
evaluated the market and our business development after the ICO and decided that a complement to the
existing strategy was needed. The core of our complementary strategy is Public Financing, a counterpoint
to the current ICO crypto economy, and Congress Voting realizing one person / one vote.
This White Paper focuses on the problem that the BOS team wants to solve and our solution — “Public
Financing”. As the paper will further elucidate, PF will be executed by voting on the Congress Network. We
intend to introduce Congress Voting based on the homomorphic encryption developed in conjunction with
Korea Smart Authentication Corp (KoSAC). We will organize White Paper 2.0 around these two topics. In
the revised version of this White Paper, we will propose a new concept called a Generic Trust Third Party
(GTTP), which is a link between the BOSNet and external data.
BOS team is a spiritual descendant of the Open Source movement and its culture. We work with the
belief that blockchain technology can transform the world. By working on the latest white paper, BOS team
members revitalize our relentless vision. What is the objective of BOS team? In response to this question,
project leader Yezune gave this answer at a Dallas Meetup: “In the spirit of the GNU Declaration and the
Creative Commons movement, we want to hack capitalism in the most capitalist way”. BOS team is not
trying to create a token platform that simply uses a blockchain, nor a pseudo currency for a specific
purpose. We want to organize and create a de facto global currency and credit creation system, one that
is trusted by the global community to successfully replace the current one.
Let's take a closer look at the issues that the BOS team is trying to solve.
BlockchainOS Inc.                                                                                            5




BOScoin White Paper 2.0
1. Introduction: Background
The world is currently experiencing the most affluent era since the beginning of civilization. This
affluence comes from the increase in productivity, not only from technological developments, but also
from credit creation by the capitalist system. This system is able to generate credit at levels unlike any
other society in the past. The end of the gold standard in 1971 introduced fiat currencies worldwide and
gave birth to this credit generation mechanism. By overcoming several economic crises, which were
portrayed as mere glitches, the capitalist economic system was believed to be invincible. However, this
confidence was shaken during the 2008 global financial crisis.
The current capitalist system fails at distributing wealth. This indicates that the capitalist system’s
very existence is endangered, because it continues to break down its own consumption-based ecosystem.
While skewed distribution causes several market failures, technological developments (particularly in
information technology) reduce the need for labor. This, in turn, lowers labor earnings and quality of labor.
How can the capitalist system be maintained if workers cannot consume due to such technological
developments? If it cannot be maintained, what are the alternatives? These are questions that BOS team
will address through BOScoin project.
In the following section, we will examine in detail the problems of capitalism and analyze various
alternatives which tried to overcome these problems. Such analyses of the alternatives will shed light on
BOScoin’s new direction. We will then propose a new crypto economy to overcome current economic
problems.
1.1 Understanding the Current Economic Model
Distribution Failures caused by corporate structures
Following the Industrial Revolution, the capitalist system has, despite some difficulties, experienced
a general, proportional growth in income and productivity. This increase in income gave birth to many
middle-class consumers with significant purchasing power. The economy continued to grow, backed by
the flourishing middle class. The middle class in the 1980s and 2000s, however, saw little growth in
income, even while the economy was experiencing solid growth. Because income did not grow for the
working class in developed countries, their consumption was maintained through taking on more low-
interest, consumer debt. They were able to consume all goods and services through financing. This was
called the "financialization of the economy", a trend that has since continued worldwide. Through this
mechanism, the financial services sector grew exponentially, and for a while, the economy seemed to be
booming.  A  precarious  situation  took  hold  during  this  time;  capitalists  and  people  with  money
accumulated a great deal of wealth through capital income, while the majority of the people fell further
into debt in order to sustain their consumer activity. The current iteration of the capitalist system (so-
called “neoliberalism”), based on the “financialization of the economy”, has created more fundamental
BlockchainOS Inc.                                                                                               6




BOScoin White Paper 2.0
problems than the capitalist systems of the past. The 2008 subprime mortgage crisis was a symbolic
event that shed light on these problems.
There are many reasons for the failure of wealth distribution, but the most significant cause of such
structural failure was the systemic focus on maximizing shareholder profit. A corporation is established
and funded through the issuance of stock. Its primary interests are aligned with the distribution of profits
to its shareholders. That is why most corporations try to minimize production costs and maximize
consumer prices. They, therefore, seek an increase in the productivity per unit of labor; this means cutting
labor costs. For the past 400 years — since the first recorded incorporation — society has certainly
benefited from the innovations driven by corporations. However, the wealth generated by this improved
productivity is being returned to a few shareholders, and not distributed back to the workers, who actually
consume the produce goods and services. The corporate system is not only failing to distribute wealth,
but  also  accelerating  the  economic  downfall  of  the  workers  and  consumers.  In  recent  years,  as
information technology has become critical, global platform-based companies have emerged in the form
of multinational corporations. These companies are now able to concentrate wealth on a global scale, as
opposed to ones previously limited to a jurisdiction (Piketty and Ganser, 2015).
Centralized financial decision-making process
In a capitalist system, finance plays a crucial role in credit creation. However, we accept the inability
to participate in the financial decision-making process as natural. Given the fact that the basis of finance
is the agglomeration of small credits from numerous ordinary people, why should financial decisions be
left to a few financial institutions? A few people control the whole financial decision-making process —
and subsequently, its profits. The problem with this structure is that, when the structure fails, the ordinary
people — who didn’t make the financial decisions — are held accountable. The set of decisions that led
to the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy is a perfect example. These were made by a small cadre of financiers,
but the burden of these decisions was shared by society itself — which was the source of credit. Another
example is how banks create credit through commercial loans; these are also judged and enforced by a
few financiers. The sentence engraved in the Genesis block of Bitcoin,  “The Times  03/Jan/2009
Chancellor on brink of second bailout for banks.” (Times, 2003, January), pinpointed the phenomenon
that the public is deprived of its financial sovereignty.
Of course, one could participate in the economy as a shareholder of a corporation. Under the current
financial system, however, most people are not given the opportunity to participate as shareholders. Take,
for example, the current start-up ecosystem, which is structured to be high risk but has the potential to
generate high returns through M&As and IPOs. Start-ups grow through venture capital investment. As it
grows further, more capital is invested through private equity funds and investment banks. Based on
these funds, a start-up can attain global platform status such as Google and Facebook, and eventually
be listed on a stock exchange. Only then is the public allowed to have a piece of the pie. Before being
placed on an exchange, investment is made solely by a few venture capitalist, private equity fund
managers, and investment bankers. Yes, there is high investment risk, but the public are outright denied
access to the potential for great capital gains.
BlockchainOS Inc.                                                                                                7




BOScoin White Paper 2.0
As the market for P2P loans and crowdfunding, as well as FinTech in general, began to grow in 2016,
major countries such as the United States set individual investment limits for P2P loans and crowdfunding.
The opportunity for individuals to take the risk of investment and reap high returns on that investment
was taken away in the name of “investor protection”. On the one hand, the state has a duty to protect the
individual, but on the other, these are unreasonable regulations over the public’s financial decisions.
There are diverse tools to encourage well-informed investments, and still allow opportunities. For example,
Russia recently set a maximum dollar amount to participate in an ICO for the general public and requires
individuals take a course at a recognized institution to qualify for an increase in the amount of investment
beyond the maximum. Even in the ICO market, there are similar attempts, such as individual investment
ceilings, to prevent public participation. Thus, it can be argued that under any capitalist and liberal
economic orders, the ordinary worker and citizen has no “financial sovereignty”.
Developments in information technology reduce the need for human labor
In the industrial era, the key factors of production were land, capital, and labor. With the development
of industrialization, management and technology have grown ever more significant, and today, they have
become key factors of production. The changes during 1980s and 2000s was significant, because of
huge developments in technology. In contrast to the past, when technology had complemented and
enhanced human productivity (Brynjolfsson and Saunder, 2009), automation today replaces labor across
the entire economy; such displacement of workers by technology may exacerbate the gap between
returns to capital and returns to labor. (Brynjolfsson, and McAffee, 2014).
As witnessed by stock valuations of modern global platform corporations (such as Amazon, Google,
Facebook, Uber, Airbnb, etc), the information goods and technology industry, which utilizes information
as the key factor of production, is becoming increasingly influential (Cusumano, 2017_1; Cusumano
2017_2). Companies that produce physical products also use information technology to enhance their
commodities. For example, Nike is enhancing their products by presenting the commodity with healthcare
data.  This  trend  is  predicted  to  continue.  Corporations  will  use  such  technologies  to  increase
shareholders' capital gains and replace labor. Moreover, a corporation that does not do so will be left
behind the competition.
Intermediary platform-based IT corporations scale from the effects of positive externalities, i.e.,
information goods. For example, when a user on the Amazon website purchases a digital camera, a piece
of clothing, or a book, their choice is recorded and used to assist other Amazon users’ choices. In a
shareholder capitalist economy, most of the wealth created through such information goods is taken by
the enterprise and subsequently by its few shareholders. At the same time, these IT innovations damage
preexisting industries and jobs. Amazon’s disruption to the US retail industry has been so effective that it
has caused the bankruptcy of many smaller independent brick and mortar retailers. During this process,
Amazon creates only a few highly skilled IT jobs. Paradoxically, consumers who enabled the growth of
Amazon are losing their jobs because of it. New techniques related to Artificial Intelligence and Big Data
will only accelerate this tendency; this trend is here to stay.
BlockchainOS Inc.                                                                                              8




BOScoin White Paper 2.0
In short, information goods and technology have become far more important factors of production
than the conventional factors such as land, capital, and labor. Information goods and technology are
easily duplicated and have little marginal cost in the production process. Because of these attributes,
information technology continues to improve productivity and reduce the need for labor. Information
technology has the tendency to remove human labor as soon as a return on investment is possible. Where
labor remains are areas with no return on investment — often the lowest paying jobs. Moreover, once
information technology develops further and has captured all easy returns on the investment, the process
will repeat itself in low wage jobs. IT platform companies provide services to enhance user experience,
but such innovations reduce the need for labor and disrupt existing industries. This perspective offers a
whole new dimension to the economic crises we are experiencing.
The three problems and a direction for a new economic system
We believe that a “new economic system” should be able to solve the three problems above. In other
words, it is necessary not only to utilize the power of capital’s credit generation, but also to 1) overcome
the problems of shareholder capitalism and provide a way for everyone to participate in the market, 2)
enable those who provide credit for the economy to participate in its financial decisions, and 3) define a
production system as a common resource if the production requires or utilizes consumer activity but does
not benefit them.
Academics have proposed that a global standard on capital taxation and basic income be introduced
to overcome the fundamental problems of capitalism. These proposals ask for bold and pragmatic
political decision-making. However, other approaches — alternatives that do not require political decisions
— are already here. Let's take a look at those approaches.
1.2 Alternatives to the Current Economic System
There are many alternatives to the current economic system, but we herein reviewed ones that
inspired us to create our new vision: Cryptocurrency, Commons movement and Impact investment.
Cryptocurrency
In 2017, interest in the cryptocurrency market spiked worldwide. The economic system based on
cryptography called cryptocurrency is partially becoming an alternative economic system. Most crypto
projects are 1) decentralized through blockchain technology, 2) structured to compensate ecosystem
participants through cryptocurrency (token economy) and 3) unlike existing investment schemes; ICOs
(Initial Coin Offering) make it easy for anyone to become an investor. These features could potentially
overcome the problems of shareholder capitalism, so cryptocurrencies are emerging as an alternative to
the corporate system. These three characteristics correspond to our conditions for a “new economic
system” discussed above — low barrier for participation, collective decision-making, and sharing the
means of production. With due optimism, the cryptocurrency market grew explosively in 2017. In the past,
BlockchainOS Inc.                                                                                              9




BOScoin White Paper 2.0
start-ups emerged under the investment of Venture Capital (VC). Now, there exist many startups who
launch ICOs, and many VCs choose to invest in these ICO-based startups.
BOScoin introduced the Congress Network to reinforce participants' decision-making power, but
neither BOScoin nor most cryptocurrencies sufficiently satisfied the three conditions of a “new economic
system”. The sharing of the means of production was often not even considered. There is a movement,
however, that maintains that a system of production created by the global community is a common
resource and must provide access to everyone. This is called the Commons movement.
Commons Movement
The budget introduced in BOScoin White Paper 1.0 is a Commons Budget, not a common budget.
The Commons Budget did not yet have a clear definition nor an operation strategy in place, but it was
created in the spirit of the Commons movement. Commons refer to the cultural and natural resources
available to all members of society, including natural elements such as air, water, and earth. These
resources are not privately but jointly owned, and the Commons is managed by a community for personal
and collective interests. Amongst these movements, there were attempts to organize information goods
and technology as common property of the collective society. Prominent examples of such movements
are GNU and the Creative Commons.
If information goods and technology are a large part of the added value of a product, then the
following two questions should be addressed. First, should companies monopolize information goods and
technology while accumulating wealth created through them? Furthermore, when the importance of IT to
added value rises, the lack of jobs destroys the consumer market, and the entire economy is in a
depression, should the added value created through information goods and technology be shared
with the  community?  The  Commons  movement,  which  interprets  the  information  technology  and
production systems as “commons”, can be an important step towards a working utility system under joint
ownership.
If a community agrees that a particular resource is commons, the wealth produced using the
commons ought to be shared by the community. This is a fundamental and effective alternative to the
vicious cycle of a dying consumer base and dropping labor income. We will analyze the Commons
movement in 1.3 and present our proposal to make this philosophy successful.
Impact Investment
“Impact investment” seeks appropriate returns and social value. While conventional investments
focus on economic and financial performance, impact investments refer to investments that goes beyond
and take account of social and environmental implications. It is an attempt to solve social problems
through business — recognizing that it is difficult to solve social problems through public budgets alone.
For example, in 2012, Goldman Sachs invested $9.6 million in a project to lower the youth recidivism rate
in New York City. There are other active investments into similar types of projects. Impact investment is
also emerging as a trend in Korea. For example, VC firms such as Korean Social Investment and Yellow
BlockchainOS Inc.                                                                                            10




BOScoin White Paper 2.0
Dog have been active in impact investing. There are also real estate investment and management
companies such as 00Ground, whose mission is to turn their buildings into independent platforms for
social problem-solving while creating value and profit.
Impact investment is a good way for the community to secure the commons, but if driven by a
selected few, it is certainly not the most efficient solution to the problems of the current economic system.
However, it is clear that impact investments can increase social value.
1.3 Analysis of Alternatives and a New Direction
We have seen that the cryptocurrency and Commons movement present solutions for a new
economic system. In Section 1.3, we will analyze the limitations of the current Commons movement and
the crypto economy and discuss how to combine the advantages of these two alternatives.
Money and commerce as a Commons movement
Good intentions and practical usefulness are two independent measures. The Commons movement
seeks to expand the communal P2P production method; but can this approach achieve the ideals of the
Commons movement?
If the Commons movement wants to be bigger than the state and the market, then the Commons
movement has to compete in the market on a state or global scale. For example, suppose a cooperative
platform were created to solve the problems caused by Uber. Could this platform survive the competition
with Uber? Can P2P production systems compete with products made by robots? We dare say, it won’t be
easy. Small scale producers will find it difficult to play catch up with the might of economies of scale.
Of course, communal P2P production is effective in certain areas. There are two informative success
stories from the Commons movement: GNU and Wikipedia. The two projects had these things in common.
1) Both projects had clearly defined actors and avid contributors from the start, 2) these projects would
have been impossible without large scale collaboration, and 3) they were structured to give contributors
not only reputation — the primary incentive — but also economic incentives based on that reputation. This
resulted in products with quality that were comparable to those of ordinary capitalist companies. So how
did these commonalities create success? The first commonality — to have clearly defined actors and
contributors — is a condition, not a method for success. The third commonality — how they provided
reputation as economic incentives — is also not a big enough motive for the participants. We believe that
the fundamental mechanism by which these two projects succeeded was that they mobilized large-scale
collaboration, to a scale that the existing capitalist companies could not replicate. This implies that in
order to succeed, the Commons movement must enable collaboration between more and diverse
individuals than the existing capitalist enterprises can. It is unlikely that all spheres of society will be
subject to the Commons movement (at least until the Commons occupies a dominant axis of society).
BlockchainOS Inc.                                                                                               11




BOScoin White Paper 2.0
This is because not all areas are best suited for large scale collaboration. It is also essential to have
trustworthy, stable tools to ensure that everyone can participate with confidence.
So, we ask ourselves, in what areas can the Commons movement be most effective in solving
capitalism’s problems? We see finance as the ideal candidate for the Commons movement. As we have
discussed, if we cannot fundamentally solve issues around capital and finance under capitalism, the
affluence of present is unsustainable. Historically, particularly for the credit cooperatives in the financial
sector, there was large scale collaboration amongst ordinary citizens. However, the lack of technology to
maintain trust made it difficult to organize global large-scale collaborations such as GNU and Wikipedia.
However, blockchain and crypto economies will be able to build trust amongst citizens, resulting in large-
scale global collaboration. In this way, we can generate greater credit than the financial institutions.
Furthermore, we believe that it will be possible to create credit at a large scale based on the crypto
economy and to commonize those means of production. BOScoin has already embraced the Commons
concept by introducing the Commons Budget. However, we believe that the methodology presented in
White Paper 1.0 was insufficient in presenting this goal. We will now discuss and complement this gap by
reviewing the current state of the crypto economy.
The current problems of the crypto economy and our proposal
The limitations of the current crypto economy in terms of technology are clear: slow processing speed,
an unsafe smart contract development environment that leads to frequent hacking incidents, software
code that holds contracts illegible to the public, etc. However, the technical problems of cryptocurrencies
are expected to be solved in the foreseeable future. In the first white paper, we presented an alternative
to these technical limitations through mFBA and Trust Contracts. We believe that the technical strategy of
White Paper 1.0 remains valid, and it remains in development. Thus, this white paper will examine the
strategies and policies of the current cryptocurrency market from a socioeconomic point of view rather
than the technical and analyze the problems.
1) Price volatility due to scarcity from predefined limitations on volume. The large volatility of
cryptocurrency prices comes in part from the growth of the market, but more from the expected scarcity
of the predefined total issuance volume. Since the 2008 financial crisis, central banks have recklessly
issued fiat currencies (quantitative easing), and Bitcoin was an active response to the decline in the value
of fiat currency. Bitcoin was developed with a predefined total issuance plan and a decentralized
monetary  system.  It  has  become  an  alternative  to  the  existing  fiat  currencies  by  those  in  the
cryptocurrency  community.  Cryptocurrency  has  started  attracting  attention  through  one  particular
mechanism: Scarcity increases the value of cryptocurrency, participants increase with the increase in
value, and the cycle repeats (the "scarcity mechanism"). Moreover, Ethereum expanded the scope of the
blockchain applications in 2016, consequently, the number and capitalization of cryptocurrency projects
worldwide has increased significantly. The scarcity mechanism works as an investment incentive for
participating in the cryptocurrency ecosystem, but it causes large fluctuations in crypto prices. This
volatility of cryptographic currencies is a barrier to a means of monetary function. If the price goes up,
one party will want to keep the cryptocurrency and if the price goes down, the other party will be reluctant
BlockchainOS Inc.                                                                                                12




BOScoin White Paper 2.0
to receive them. In order to overcome this problem, various attempts — such as making a value-stabilized
token pegged to a fiat currency — have been made, but they have not found fundamental solutions. The
volatility issue complicates economic ecosystems even with a single cryptocurrency, and it becomes even
more complicated when multiple cryptocurrencies are used simultaneously. Let's look at this problem
through the Dapp-ICO strategy of platform cryptocurrencies.
2) Fragmentation of the monetary space by ICOs. As Ethereum provides the ability to issue tokens
for Dapps, numerous ERC20-based ICOs have taken place. Besides, Ethereum recently introduced DAICO,
a fix for the DAO after the hacking incident. Ethereum's strategy is to position itself as a token publishing
platform. Other consensus layer platforms, even the ones trying to outperform Ethereum are using similar
Dapp strategies. This strategy is effective for the initial platform expansion; most consensus layer
networks are not capable of doing everything, but they are effective at attracting a variety of projects
through economic incentives. BOScoin also once agreed with this strategy and applied it in White Paper
1.0.
However, we believe that the Dapp-ICO strategy is likely to reduce the money space of the crypto
platform by fragmenting the users and merchants. Money is conceptually similar to a platform, in that it
only becomes valuable when there is widespread usage — by consumers, holders, and investors. Currently,
the Dapp-ICO strategy fragments the money space even if it uses the same crypto network resource.
Although it is not inconvenient to occasionally use the exchange as an investor, it is very inconvenient for
the consumer to spend various cryptocurrencies for everyday use. Currently, most cryptocurrency holders
will  not  complain  about  the  emergence  of  various  cryptocurrencies,  because  they  tend  to  view
cryptocurrency as a digital asset. In the future, however, we anticipate that the fragmentation of the
money space caused by the Dapp-ICO strategy will be a major obstacle for cryptocurrency’s rise to the
status of fiat currencies. This Dapp-ICO strategy seems favorable in the short term, but it is not
comparable to the status of fiat currency.
3) A fragmented credit creation system. In order to prevent a fragmented monetary space, BOScoin
once pushed for Dapp development through the Commons Budget. After meeting many companies for
collaboration, however, we found that what they wanted was to create credit through an ICO more than to
use BOScoin platform itself. We also found out that the platform may be a secondary component for a
certain industry. Furthermore, the scale of credit they were looking for was too large to fit the Commons
Budget. (The details of the Commons Budget and its usage will be presented later in the next version of
White Paper 2.0) Existing legal currencies are issued by a central bank and credit is created by the
commercial banks' fractional reserve banking. Thus, commercial banks have a large-scale credit creation
mechanism that creates additional credit based on created credit. This fiat-based credit creation system
is the core of financial capitalism. Currently, the crypto economy does not have such a credit creation
system; ICOs create credit at first, but there is no continuous cycle. It is also difficult for a consensus layer
to transfer the credit generated by a Dapp-ICO to another Dapp-ICO. In other words, the crypto economy
is unlikely to surpass the capitalist credit creation system. To expand the crypto economy and move
beyond the existing capitalist credit system, it is necessary to replace the Dapp-ICO strategy.
BlockchainOS Inc.                                                                                                   13




BOScoin White Paper 2.0
4) The Problem of Centralization. Most cryptocurrencies are networked by economic incentives.
Bitcoin was famed for being decentralized at the beginning, but the whole network is under the control of
those with majority hash power. Low fee transactions were constantly being placed in a situation where
confirmations were erratic and nodes having to pay high fees to process a timely transaction. The situation
was in stark contrast to the expectations of crypto experts who claimed transaction fees would be lowered
with decentralization. The PoS or DPoS method is also expected to cause centralization problems similar
to PoW. EOS project unfortunately confirmed this speculation. A network started to become centralized
once  the  consensus  process  depends  on  economic  incentives.  This  is  not  what  we  want  in  a
cryptocurrency economy. Moreover, a cryptocurrency without a governance system faces a very difficult
situation in resolving the centralization problem. The centralization problem is something even BOScoin,
which has a governance structure, must effectively overcome. (The solution to this problem will be covered
in the next version of the White Paper 2.0)
BlockchainOS Inc.                                                                                             14




BOScoin White Paper 2.0
2. Proposal
The contents of the introduction are summarized as follows. In the current capitalist system,
information goods and technology are important. Thus, labor earnings decrease, and the wealth is not
distributed. This collapses the consumption base which capitalism depends. We need a system to solve
the distribution problem, and the current crypto economy is the closest thing to a workable alternative.
However, the Dapp-ICO strategy of the current crypto economy is likely to produce fragmented credit
generation systems that may not solve the capitalist problem the BOS team intends to solve.
Public Financing. In order to solve the problem of fragmented credit creation systems by the Dapp-
ICO strategy, we propose Public Financing (PF). PF is a way for individuals who use and trade real credit
to make collective decisions to create credit. Rather than be dictated by a central bank or government,
the community creates its own credit. Unlike other crypto platforms, BOScoin can offer PF because it has
a governance system called the Congress Network. In capitalism, the institutionalized financial system
holds most capital and most decision-making powers; most members of the system obediently follow the
decisions made by others. It is also difficult to withdraw from the system. On the other hand, many
cryptocurrencies, including BOScoin, are community currencies. If a currency does not reflect the voices
of its members, the community will wither and die. A cryptocurrency can grow into a community money if
justified by community consensus. Thus, a cryptocurrency should be able to offer a governance structure
which reflects a majority of community. However, the Congress Network proposed in White Paper 1.0
allowed those who hold many nodes — more wealth — to have a bigger influence on community decision-
making. To solve this problem, we are implementing a system of one person, one vote. The system of one
person/ one vote may not be the best method to the problem of plutocracy but the most appropriate
governance system for the time being. However, it is impossible to introduce the one person, one vote
principle without requiring identification — this in turn jeopardizes privacy and freedom of expression. This
goes against the general ethos of the blockchain. At the time of writing White Paper 1.0, we were unable
to find a solution to this challenge, and the Congress Network's decision-making process remained
unanswered. We reviewed this problem with KoSAC and looked at the possibility of creating a form of
Congress Voting using homomorphic encryption. This is covered in detail in section 2.2.
2.1. Public Financing
Background
So far, we have described the background for introducing PF. In summary, we assessed that the
crypto economy is, among the many alternatives to the current economic system, the most effective in
utilizing credit creation mechanisms and solving distribution problems. However, the Dapp-ICO strategy
of the current cryptographic token economy is not an appropriate alternative to the capitalist system
because it segregates and fragments the money space.
BlockchainOS Inc.                                                                                               15




BOScoin White Paper 2.0
Definition and meaning
PF means the BOScoin community issuing additional BOScoins as a credit-generating means of
acquiring various assets of the real economy. The credit is generated from the community, not invested
from a third party outside the community. The community itself suggests, reviews, and votes on additional
issuance through the Congress Network. This decision is implemented through BOScoin's Trust Contracts.
We define this process as Public Financing (PF). The assets and their added value received by the
community through PF will not be distributed to each member of the community. The community utilizes
and manages the assets and their added value through decisions made by the Congress Network.
The difference from the earlier proposal with the Commons Budget is: First, in addition to predefined
issuance plans, the community issues additional coins through collective decision-making. Second, if the
Commons Budget was conceptually similar to cost, PF should be seen as similar to investment. Third, as
BOScoin is issued for investment in PF, the BOScoin community assets (the commons) increases in value
to correspond with the issued volume. Finally, the Commons Budget was a model that does not consider
utilization, but PF is designed with utilization at its core, and it must be implemented with that logic in
mind; because without plans for future profit, there is no incentive for members to enforce PF within
BOSnet.
The term "Public Financing" was created in contrast to Project Financing — the pinnacle of financial
capitalism — and it is “public” in two respects.
First, the community members have the power — financial sovereignty — to make financial decisions.
Here, the meaning of “public” is, not merely being invested in the public good, but closer to money being
created by community consensus. Unlike for Project Financing, which is run by conventional financial
institutions, the will of the community and its decisions create the credit for Public Financing. This solves
the long-standing problem of “financial sovereignty”, which was examined in the introduction. Community
consensus is possible because BOScoin has a governance system called the Congress Network.
Second, wealth produced by the secured real economic assets — the commons — will be considered
as a community resource, from an economic perspective. Public Financing is “public" in that commons
are secured through PF and the wealth created by those commons will be used for the BOScoin
community. We believe that this can solve the fundamental problem of how capital and technology
displaces labor income.
A PF proposal submitted by community to the Congress Network will be likely to include the purpose
and expectations of the project, the size and condition of the issuance, utilization methods, as well as the
reinvestment plans for a sustainable economic system. Each PF proposal will describe a concrete
investment plan; however, the plan shall not include lending of money or something analogous to loan. If
proposers to be included in the BOScoin network need financial support out of necessity, support shall
be made free of interest. PF is BOScoin's vision, identity, and competitive strategy in the crypto market. It
is also a mechanism for building an ecosystem for the Generic Trust Third Party (GTTP), a participant in
BlockchainOS Inc.                                                                                               16




BOScoin White Paper 2.0
the BOScoin Network, which will be introduced in the next version of the White Paper 2.0.
In order to gain real PF experience, we plan to pilot a PF of reasonable scale and create a realistic
plan. The pilot project will provide the community with a detailed process as well as data to improve the
quality of decision-making before starting the Congress Network voting process. The pilot project is
executed as a Reverse ICO Partner Program (RIPP) project.
Reverse ICO Partner Program
PF can be classified into several categories in accordance with its purpose: SME (Small and Medium
Enterprise)  PF  for  investment,  Reward  PF  for  community  reward,  Infra  &  System  PF  for  building
BOScoin infrastructure. Among these categories, SME PF needs to be conducted based on verification of
target company's business model (BM), capability, and viability of generating synergy with BOScoin. We
developed the Reverse ICO Partner Program (RIPP) to fulfill the verification objectives. RIPP will include
Reverse-ICO process in which the target companies' competence can be verified. Depending on the result
of Reverse-ICO, the company can be included in the BOScoin community by Congress Voting.
2.2. Congress Voting
Background
Blockchain is a protocol technology, built to be decentralized, immutable, trustless, and nonpartisan.
Blockchain was thus celebrated as “governance via infrastructure”.(Sclavounis O., 2017) But even in
blockchain projects, human roles exist. The creation and management of the system is done by various
stakeholders in the community, which can be seen as the “governance of infrastructure”.(De Filippi, P. &
Loveluck, B., 2016) BOScoin's ability to self-evolve is driven by the “people”; here, “self-evolution” consists
of collective discussion and decision-making.
Every blockchain community has two layers of governance (Myungsan Jun, 2018). The consensus on the
blockchain ledger operates on the principle of direct democracy. All nodes are free to participate equally,
to confirm and agree on a transaction. Whether the agreement will be made by the 51% or the 67% is a
matter of taste. The key idea is that all participating nodes are given equal rights and opportunities to
reach a consensus. On the second layer of governance, however, early crypto projects had little to no
formal mechanisms of decision-making process. If any, the mechanisms were mostly developed off the
blockchain. Blockchain has its foundations in the logic of power (computational “hashpower”). Since
mining is a business that is more profitable at scale, the natural logic of computational monopoly
inevitably resulted in large mining operators grabbing most power and profit.(Ehrsam F., 2017) Other
members, such as users and developers, were excluded from sharing the benefit.
The problem is not just with centralization. When the system degrades in quality or reduces the
benefits to its members, members have no choice but to escape the network (either by moving to another
project or carrying out a hard fork), which leads to a reduction in network effects.(Albert O. Hirschman.
BlockchainOS Inc.                                                                                                 17




BOScoin White Paper 2.0
1970) If all participating members have a channel to participate and make changes to increase their
profits, the community will retain more members. It is also helpful for the development of the community
to better understand the problem and to provide more input and solutions to problems. An effective
governance system can better include and amplify the voices of its network participants.( Duncan L.,
2017)
Crypto projects have recognized this and have begun to introduce various mechanisms such as
Master Node voting, DGBB (decentralized governance blockchain budget), (Wiecko Robert., 2018) and
equity-based  voting  systems.  This  effort  has  added  a  complementary  decentralized  layer  to  the
“governance of infrastructure”. However, such a system is a plutocracy, in which those with more
resources exert greater political influence. As a few wealthy individuals dominate the system, the
community is likely to shift towards a model which increasingly benefits the rich. This creates a self-
reinforcing system with increasing inequality of wealth and results in ordinary members becoming
increasingly alienated from the value they create.
If we think that everyone on the network should be equally representative, the network must identify
each individual. Without this process, it is vulnerable to a Sybil attack. Sybil attacks are attacks that create
multiple false identities to wield undue influence on a P2P network. However, when collecting personal
identification information, user privacy is violated. If there is no solution that can accommodate a user’s
real existence without sacrificing their privacy and freedom, applying same values to the “governance of
infrastructure” will remain impossible and the promises of the blockchain will grind to a halt.
Definition
BOSnet's decentralized and democratic “governance of infrastructure” will be realized through a
platform  we  call the  Congress  Network. The  Congress  Network  will be  BOSnet’s  fully  functioning
democratic decision-making body. The network will introduce a state-of-the-art encryption solution that
identifies participants, ensures full anonymity, and prevents Sybil attacks. The network undergoes several
levels of decision-making to maximize the wisdom of the crowd(Surowiecki J., 2005) and to compile it in
the most legitimate manner, best reflecting diverse and independent opinions. Decentralization will occur
on  all  levels  of  agenda  setting,  proposal  submission,  facilitation  of  discussion,  and  voting.  While
implementing Congress  Voting  on  BOSnet,  personal  data  shall  be  processed as  described  in  this
document and in compliance with applicable data protection laws.
Homomorphic Encryption
A complete homomorphic encryption, or homomorphic encryption, is a form of encryption originally
conceived by Rivest, Adleman, and Dertouzos in 1978 and first implemented by Craig Gentry in 2009.
Homomorphic cryptography differs from conventional cryptosystems in that it can operate directly on
encrypted data without requiring access to the private key.(Homomorphic Encryption Standardization
homepage, 2018) On the contrary, existing encryption techniques either require the private keys to be
stored in the server where computations are performed, or that the data is converted from encrypted to
plain-text. This causes vulnerability from a lost key or the plain-text data being leaked.
BlockchainOS Inc.                                                                                                  18




BOScoin White Paper 2.0
An asymmetric ciphertext
E=  (KeyGen, Encrypt, Decrypt)
can be said to be homomorphic if the following operations are possible:
Running “+” arithmetic operations on a message (other operations such as multiplication are possible)
Deriving a new ciphertext “s” by running “+” algorithms on the public key “pk” and ciphertexts “c1” and
“c2”
This is accurate when all messages “m1”,  “m2”    return “d  = m1  + m2”.
(pk, sk)  ← KeyGen(); c1← Encrypt  (pk, m1); c2← Encrypt  (pk, m2);
f(c1, m2)= Encrypt{f(m1, m2)}  (Bernhard D., Warinschi B.,  2014)
Membership
In order to participate in the Congress Network, one must first obtain a Congress membership.
Anyone can become a member of the parliament. Nationality and gender are not important. Anyone in
the BOScoin community should find it very easy to contribute to BOSnet. Also, just as importantly as
accessibility, Sybil attacks must be prevented by ensuring each identity involved in governance is unique.
This does not mean, however, that it is necessary to know the full identity of everyone who participates in
the system. All we need to know is that an identity belongs to a real person, who is a single, unique
member of the network. Our goal is to minimize the requirements of personal information — maximize
privacy — and at the same time ensure identity uniqueness. The identity account will be formed on the
blockchain, and the user will get a token to prove that the owner is a unique member of the Congress
Network. The account is given a public name called the IDA.
In the short term, proof of identification such as passports will be used, but in the long term, members
can certify their physical presence and uniqueness with biometric technologies such as iris scanning. The
biggest advantage of this is that it is possible to match “1 to n” without using personal information such
as names, state registration numbers, and addresses.(B. Thiyaneswaran, S. padma., 2012) Identity
verification data is written on a biometric information repository of the Trusted Third Party (TTP) and a
homomorphic hash algorithm is applied to make identity tracing impossible in the repository. All new
identity verification data can then be compared to the existing database for the same or substantially
similar data. If an onboarding request results in a match with the existing data, the request is rejected.
The identity information is stored in a database off the blockchain and will be utilized as centralized cloud
service. Although this requires a certain degree of trust in the third party, it has the advantage of scalability,
and as all data is kept encrypted at all times, it can be easily secured. In addition, third-party biometric
information storage services are not themselves involved in blockchain transactions or decision-making
processes, so BOSnet or the Congress Network do not rely on this TTP. (Zyskind, Nathan, Pentland, 2016)
Aforementioned personal information shall not be stored in blockchain and not be used in combination
with account information to identify individual.
Voting
To process the vote, a voting program (public address IDV) is created for the agenda. Each member
BlockchainOS Inc.                                                                                                    19




BOScoin White Paper 2.0
(IDA) is entitled to one vote on the issue (IDV)and is issued a single Ballot Stamp.
Requirements
1.  Eligibility: System must be able to see if the voter is eligible.
2.  Privacy: No one except the voter should know who voted for what. That is, it should be impossible
to link a voter to a result.
3.  Unforgeability: It should not be possible to forge ballots, results, or change the agenda.
4.  Uncoercibility: It should not be possible to coerce or buy votes.
5.  Singularity: One person has one vote. If changing one’s vote is allowed during the voting period,
only the last vote is counted.
6.  Completeness: A valid ballot must be counted. Invalid ballots should not be counted. Results
must be accurately tabulated.
7.  Fairness: Voting should not be affected by the votes of others. In other words, partial counts
should not affect the entire process.
8.  Verifiability: Voters must be able to verify that their votes are properly reflected in the results and
that all votes were fairly cast (Fujioka A., Okamoto T., Ohta K., 1993), (Çetinkaya O., Doganaksoy
A., 2007)
Voting Preparation: Getting a Ballot Stamp
After the registration process, members will receive an individual wallet linked to the account
module and voting program (1. Eligibility guaranteed). Personal wallets generate a one-time PKI key.
IDAconfirms the voter's eligibility as confirmed during registration.
Then, members can apply for a ballot. At the time of application, a random value is sent to the
voter. The voter then homomorphically encrypts it with a private key and sends it to the voting program.
The voting program generates a ballot stamp based on Encrypt (RE) using homomorphic computation.
Encrypt(Ballot Stamp)  = f{IDA,IDV, Encrypt(RE), RA}
This ballot is created in a trustworthy environment, and moreover, the voting program that
generates this value can neither read the data nor associate it with any individual  (2. Privacy
guaranteed). The Ballot Stamp is created in the public domain, but only the voter holding the private
key can use it.
Additional processes eliminate the latency between the ballot creation request and vote  —
creating even more privacy for the voter.
Casting votes
When a ballot is delivered to a member, the member uses his or her private key to decipher the ballot,
makes a decision, and returns the ballot and decision through encrypted channels to the voting
program. Since the plain-text ballot is known only to the member, a member could arbitrarily create
multiple ballots and vote multiple times, and the voting program couldn’t tell the difference. To avoid
this and to verify that the owner of the keys signed the Ballot Stamp, the voting program sends the
ballot in the form of a tag value.
Tag  =f{sk, Encrypt(BallotStamp)}
BlockchainOS Inc.                                                                                             20




BOScoin White Paper 2.0
The value of “sk” is known only to the voting program, and only those who have a key to “Encrypt
(BallotStamp)” can figure out the secret value. “XOR” operations or a “Blind Signature” method can
be utilized for “f”, which is public. Since it is a homomorphic operation, the following examples are
also possible.
Encrypt(BallotStamp)*sk1+sk2  = Encrypt(BallotStamp  * sk1  +sk2)
The member figures out the value of ”sk” and sends it to the voting program along with the ballot
and decision. If “sk” is correct, the voting program will save “BallotStamp”, member decision, and
“sk” for future verification (3.Unforgeability guaranteed). The “sk” value can be publicized by hash
before it is computed with “BallotStamp”. This will confirm the completeness of the voting program
for the future.
Members can apply for a “BallotStamp” multiple times, but the system creates a “BallotStamp”
with the same value each time. In other words, the user can vote several times with the same ballot
stamp within the voting period; as new information comes out during the voting period, voters should
be free to change their decisions. This also limits the possibility of coercion that can occur in remote
voting. (4. Uncoercibility guaranteed)
Tallying the votes
At the end of the voting period, the system stores the vote results. The date and time of each
vote is retained, and if the same ballot is duplicated, only the last vote counts as the final result (5.
Singularity guaranteed). This process and the results are verifiable; the results are recorded on the
blockchain and no valid votes are lost (6. Completeness guaranteed). Since the counting is done
after the voting is completed, partial counts that may affect the vote are not disclosed (7. Fairness
guaranteed).
When the result is aggregated, they are stored on the blockchain. Since members know their
plain-text voting stamp, members can confirm that their votes have been taken into consideration (8.
Verifiability guaranteed).
Through this process, our protocol meets all the requirements described above.
BlockchainOS Inc.                                                                                           21




BOScoin White Paper 2.0
3. Conclusion
The famous economist John Maynard Keynes once said, "The difficulty lies not so much in developing
new ideas as in escaping from old ones."
How difficult is it to change the perception that only central banks and existing financial institutions
can generate credit? What if a crypto platform had a better credit-generating system than the current
financial capitalist system? Cryptocurrency has been criticized as not being “real money” based on the
argument that it is not a suitable medium of exchange, method of payment, or a store of value (due to its
volatility). Besides, existing cryptocurrencies are not as good at generating credit as fiat currencies. To
overcome this, BOScoin intends to introduce a credit generation system called the Public Financing (PF)
system, armed with a governance structure called the Congress Network; a departure from current ICO
models.
In addition, the real economic assets (wealth) secured by the credit created through the PF will be
regarded as commons and utilized according to consensus. We believe that PF can solve the fundamental
problem of capitalism.
In order for PF to succeed, the Congress Network must identify individuals. In order to prevent privacy
violations during the process of individual identification, we plan to use homomorphic encryption for
Congress Voting. This will also stop false identities from creating undue influence on the vote and prevent
Sybil attacks. The process allows one person, one vote instead of creating wealth-proportional voting
rights. This means that the community as a whole can participate with peace of mind and maximize the
share of diverse knowledge and opinions. The Congress Network acts as a decentralized, democratic
decision-making body.
In the next version, we will be explaining concepts not addressed in this White Paper. It will include
the BOScoin economic model including the GTTP concept which links between BOSNet with external data.
We will shift away from old ideas and propose new ones that hack capitalism in the most capitalist way.
We recognize that every historic achievement was an “impossible dream” until it was accomplished. Marx,
whose 200th birthday was celebrated in 2018, may seem anachronistic. However, his thoughts are
constantly  revisited  as  the  various  critical  failings  of  the  capitalist  system  surface.  Although  the
development of capitalism has brought significant economic largesse, it has failed to solve the problems
of inequality, alienated labor, and distribution.
The BOScoin project, which will lay the foundation for a new crypto economy, will contribute to
innovations that will fundamentally change the world. This project aims to build a social trust system
linking technological innovation to social innovation. Some global trends can be put on hold but are
irreversible. The blockchain and crypto economy is one of these trends. We join this movement to
participate in revolutionizing society as we know it.
BlockchainOS Inc.                                                                                                   22




BOScoin White Paper 2.0
Reference
-   Piketty, T. Capital in the Twenty-First Century. Belknap Press, 2017.
-   Brynjolfsson, E., and McAffee, A. The Second Machine Age: Work Progress, and Prosperity in a Time of Brilliant
Technologies. W.W. Norton and Company, 2014.
-   Brynjolfsson, E., and Saunders, A. Wired for Innovation: How Information Technology is Reshaping the Economy.
The MIT Press, 2009. Cusumano, M.A. "The sharing economy meets reality," Communications of the ACM, 61
(1):                                                                                                                 26-28,  2017. Cusumano,  M.A.  "Amazon  and  whole  foods;  follow  the  strategy  (and  the  money),"
Communications of the ACM, 60 (10): 24-26, 2017.
Congress Voting
-                                                                                                                    Myungsan Jun (2018) Blockchain Government: A next form of infrastructure for the twenty-first century.
CreateSpace Independent Publishing Platform June 15, 2018 (https://boscoin.io/blockchain-government-free-
download/)
-                                                                                                                    Sclavounis O. (2017) Understanding Public Blockchain Governance. Oxford Internet Institute. Retrieved March
18, 2018 from https://www.oii.ox.ac.uk/blog/understanding-public-blockchain-governance/
-                                                                                                                    De Filippi, P. & Loveluck, B. (2016) The invisible politics of Bitcoin: governance crisis of a decentralised
infrastructure. Internet Policy Review, 5(3). Retrieved March 18, 2018
from                                                                                                                 https://policyreview.info/articles/analysis/invisible-politics-bitcoin-governance-crisis-decentralised-
infrastructure
-                                                                                                                    Ehrsam F. (2017) Blockchain Governance: Programming our future. Retrieved March 18, 2018
from https://medium.com/@FEhrsam/blockchain-governance-programming-our-future-c3bfe30f2d74
-                                                                                                                    Albert O. Hirschman. 1970. Exit, Voice, and Loyalty: Responses to Decline in Firms, Organizations, and
States.Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press. Retrieved March 18, 2018
-                                                                                                                    Duncan L. (2017) Thoughts on Governance and Network Effects. Medium. Retrieved March 18, 2018
                                                                                                                     from https://blog.aragon.one/thoughts-on-governance-and-network-effects-f40fda3e3f98
-                                                                                                                    Wiecko Robert. (2018) Understanding the Governance and Budget System. Dash Official Documentation.
Retrieved March 18, 2018
from
                                                                                                                     https://dashpay.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DOC/pages/8585240/Understanding+the+Governance+and+Bu
dget+System
-                                                                                                                    Surowiecki J. (2005) The Wisdom of Crowds: Why the many are smarter than the few and how collective wisdom
                                                                                                                     shapes business, economies, societies, and nations. Anchor. Retrieved March 18, 2018
-                                                                                                                    Homomorphic    Encryption    Standardization    homepage,    Retrieved    March                                      18,   2018    from
http://homomorphicencryption.org/introduction/
-                                                                                                                    Bernhard D., Warinschi B. (2014) Cryptographic Voting — A Gentle Introduction. In: Aldini A., Lopez J., Martinelli
F. (eds) Foundations of Security Analysis and Design VII. Lecture Notes in Computer Science, vol 8604. Springer,
Cham, Retrieved March 18, 2018
from https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-319-10082-1_7 [10] B. Thiyaneswaran, S. padma.
(2012) Iris Recognition Using left and right Iris feature of the Human Eye for Bio-metric Security system.
-                                                                                                                    IJCA,                                                                                                                vol   50    No.                                         152.   Retrieved    March                                                                                                   18,   2018 from    http://www.gjimt.ac.in/wp-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         content/uploads/2017/11/Vijay-Kumar-Sinha_Enhancing-Iris-Security-by-Detection-of-Fake-Iris_Paper.pdf [11]
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Zyskind, Nathan, Pentland (2016) Decentralizing Privacy: Using Blockchain to Protect Personal Data. Retrieved
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                March 18, 2018 from https://enigma.co/ZNP15.pdf
-                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Fujioka A., Okamoto T., Ohta K. (1993) A practical secret voting scheme for large scale elections. In: Seberry J.,
BlockchainOS Inc.                                                                                                    23




BOScoin White Paper 2.0
Zheng Y. (eds) Advances in Cryptology — AUSCRYPT '92. AUSCRYPT 1992. Lecture Notes in Computer Science,
vol 718. Springer, Berlin, Heidelberg. Retri eved March 18, 2018
from https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/3-540-57220-1_66
-   Çetinkaya O., Doganaksoy A. (2007) A Practical Verifiable e-Voting Protocol for Large Scale Elections over a
Network, Availability Reliability and Security 2007. ARES 2007. The Second International Conference on, pp.
432-442, 10-13 April 2007. Retrieved March 18, 2018
from http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/4159833/
BlockchainOS Inc.                                                                                                  24




BOScoin White Paper 2.0
BOScoin White Paper 2.0 Writers, Advisories, and Contributors
Writer
Jonghyun Kim: CSO at BlockchainOS / Editor in Chief of WP2.0 / Concept Creator and Writer of Public
Financing part
Myungsan Jun: CGO at BlockchainOS / Writer of Congress voting part
Kibong Moon: CEO at KoSAC / Writer of Congress voting
Hawon Han: Researcher at KoSAC / Writer of Congress voting
Advisory
Yezune Choi : CEO at BlockchainOS / Advisory Committee on WP2.0
Minhyo Bae : CTO at BlockchainOS / Advisory Committee on WP2.0
Joonkoo Kang : CTO at KoSAC / Advisory Committee on Congress voting
Kibae Kim : Researcher at ARIST (BlockchainOS Research Center) / Advisory Committee on Public
Financing
Contributor
Soonkuk Kang : BlockchainOS Developer / Advisory Committee on WP2.0
Joonseouk Lee : Former Developer at BlockchainOS / Advisory Committee on WP2.0
Taekwon Jung : Former Researcher at ARIST (BlockchainOS Research Center) / Advisory Committee
on WP2.0
Jaeoh Kim: PF Manager at BlockchainOS / Editor on WP2.0
Hojung Park: PF Manager at BlockchainOS / Editor on WP2.0 (English)
Gyucheol Choi: PF Manager at BlockchainOS / Editor on WP2.0
Korean Editor
Joonsoo Kim Lee
English Translation
Seungwook Yeo
English Editor
Scott Matheina: Community Manager at BlockchainOS
BlockchainOS Inc.                                                                                     25





