!
Whitepaper V.0.8.5




!
Whitepaper V.0.8.5
Table of content
Executive Summary ...                                      .. 3
Introduction ...                                           ... 4
Hive: Composed of Blockchain and DAG systems ...           ... 4
Hybrid: PoW + PoS ...                                      . 7
Hierarchy: DAO Governance ...                              .. 10
Hidden: Zero Knowledge Proof ...                           . 12
Hard: Quantum Resistance ...                               ... 14
Handy: Limited Blockchain with Unlimited Transaction ...   . 16
Haven: Limited Token Supply ...                            ... 16
Development Roadmap ...                                    . 18
Project Risk and Risk Management ...                       ... 19
Regulatory risk ...                                        ... 19
Market risk ...                                            ... 19
Technical risk ...                                         .. 20
Financial risk ...                                         ... 20
Disclaimer ...                                             ... 21
Reference ...                                              . 22




!
Whitepaper V.0.8.5
I.                                                                                                      Executive Summary
Hcash is the cryptocurrency of a distributed ledger which links block-based and blockless
blockchain systems
The UTXO-based blockchain system (e.g. Bitcoin [1]) and account-based blockchain system
(e.g. Ethereum [2]) has opened the door of a brand-new world for us. Although the impressive
success of Bitcoin and Ethereum has certainly proven the value of blockchain technology and its
massive potential in the future, we also see some inherent problems in blockchain technology along
the way. Since 2015, there has been quite a few highly-promising distributed ledger systems that are
not block-based gradually coming into our view, such as DAG (Directed Acyclic Graph) [3]. With no
doubt, a decentralized digital world is dawning, and Bitcoin or Ethereum has the potential to become
the base currency in block-based distributed ledger. IOTA [4] or Byteball [5], on the other hand, may
fulfil a similar role in a system based on DAG technology. Nevertheless, despite of the ability to be
traded unrestrictedly on some centralized exchange platforms, these tokens, due to the fundamental
differences in the underlying systems, can only circulate within their own blockchains, and would not
be able to move freely from blockchain-based to blockless system or vice versa.
Our intention is to create a new decentralized and distributed ledger system that will bridge
the gap between blockchain-based or blockless systems, thereby allowing value and information to be
circulated freely between different blockchains. In addition, just as Bitcoin serves as the tools of
exchange for goods or services in blockchain-based system, we also need a type of asset in the newly
invented system that can reflect the value of goods or services objectively. As to the new store of
value, we call it “HyperCash” (hereinafter referred to as “Hcash”)




!
Whitepaper V.0.8.5
II.                                                                                                   Introduction
!
In our vision, Hcash will create a new platform that can be connected to different blockchains
(such as Bitcoin blockchain and Ethereum blockchain), thereby allowing value and information to
circulate freely among systems, and redefining the value of blockchain.
Below is a schematic diagram of the Hcash platform.
A.                                                                                                    Hive: Composed of Blockchain and DAG systems
Hcash platform is designed to be the sidechain for both blockchain-based and blockless
systems, so it can achieve free flow of value and information between the two. Here, Hcash is the
medium for cross-platform value exchange, while the platform itself is carrier for cross-platform
information interflow.
Based on these design features, Hcash has taken into account the reading of information from
blockchain-based (including UTXO and Account Based) and DAG based distributed ledger at the
initial stage of system design.
Address system
In order to implement another important feature that will be discussed later, Hcash is designed
purposely to have both public and private addresses to be compatible with Zcash (t-addr and z-addr)




!
Whitepaper V.0.8.5
and Byteball address systems (whiteball and blackball). Therefore, in the near future, it is expected
that people can directly send and receive ZEC (or similar) or GBYTE (or similar) from blockchain to
DAG system and vice versa in the Hcash platform. Meanwhile, it would also be possible to achieve
fully-encrypted communication based on Zero Knowledge Proof technology between Hcash nodes
and clients, as well as a range of other exciting new features.
About Directed Acyclic Graph
Directed acyclic graph (DAG) is a finite directed graph with no directed cycles. That is, it
consists of finitely many vertices and edges, with each edge directed from one vertex to another, such
that there is no way to start at any vertex v and follow a consistently-directed sequence of edges that
eventually loops back to v again. Since the path from a starting vertex to an ending vertex in a
directed graph might not form a cycle, a DAG is not necessarily a tree, but any directed tree is a DAG
Compared to directed tree, DAG is a special but more general directed graph. Below is a
simple illustration of directed tree, DAG and directed graph. In the Big Data industry, DAG is usually
used for Big Data framework, such as the execution engine of Hadoop, Storm and Spark.




!
Whitepaper V.0.8.5
The following graph shows the operating architecture of Spark:
There is a dependent relationship between each RDD object, which forms a DAG. The DAG
scheduler will split the graph into multiple “Stages”. The rules for partition are simple: scanning
through from back to front, whenever the DAG scheduler encounters a narrow dependence, it will be
added into current Stage, whereas a wide dependence needs to be shuffled. After completing the
division of stages, DAG scheduler will generate a Taskst based on each stage and submit the TaskSet
to TaskScheduler. The TaskScheduler is responsible for the scheduling of specific task and execution
of tasks on worker nodes.
Recently, with the development of blockchain technology, there are some emerging blockchain
systems that used DAG in the underlying data structure, such as IOTA [4]. IOTA’s core data
structure, called ‘Tangle’, is a DAG that designed to resolve existing issues in the “Internet of Things”
(IoT) industry, such as massive data storage and distributed computing, as well as providing a good
solution for the micropayment in the IOT industry.




!
Whitepaper V.0.8.5
Traditional blockchains (such as Bitcoin and Ethereum) are using the binary tree data
structure such as the Merkle tree:
Hcash attempts to establish a channel between the systems that are based on two completely
different data structures, so that it can be compatible with current mainstream blockchain technical
standards in the bottom level while allowing new blockchain technologies to be able to communicate
with current blockchain systems. Although the challenge is undoubtedly great, Hcash’s technology
development team consists of renowned cryptographers from world’s famous academic institution as
well experts from blockchain, Big Data and Cloud Computing industry. Therefore, we are confident
that with the support from all these experts, the team will overcome the obstacles and meet the
original design goals of the system.
B.                                                                                                     Hybrid: PoW + PoS
Achieving consensus across digital currency communities has always been a difficult problem
to solve. As we all know, the struggle to upgrade Bitcoin via protocols has been affecting the
development of the community over the past two to three years, while the over-centralized
governance system adopted by Zcash or similar has certainly deterred active participation across the




!
Whitepaper V.0.8.5
community. Currently, none of the decision-making process used in this crypto-economics can
preserve the system’s ability to adapt in the face of technical challenges and accommodate the
ideological differences among community stakeholders without compromising the integrity of
blockchain’s decentralized value proposition
By learning from predecessors and incorporating partially the philosophy of Decred and Dash,
Hcash, for the first time, introduces the concept of Instant-Open-Governance, which allows all coin
holders to participate in major decisions in the community through PoS mining mechanism, including
protocol updates and upgrades. Most importantly, the mechanism adopted by Hcash is more advanced
than the traditional voting method in the sense that it provides smoother execution. Once the vote is
passed, all decisions will be recorded in the blockchain and enforced, thus avoiding the problem of
consensus among miners, mining pools, exchanges and wallet service providers. The introduction of
PoW mechanism is to prevent pre-ICO investors from occupying an excessively large portion of
rewards in a PoS distribution mechanism. Also, PoW is the security mechanism that has been proved
to be the most effective way to protect blockchain-based system. Although it will inevitably consume
a large amount of energy, we believe the tradeoff is still worthy in consideration of the security
benefits it brings to system. Moreover, it is possible to combine PoW with PoS mining process to
enhance the overall security of the system.
At first, the mining process would begin in a traditional PoW manner where miners would
compete to solve a cryptographic problem. According to this implementation, the blocks being mined
do not contain any transactions (they are more like templates instead), so the new blocks that are
added to the blockchain will only include a header and the winning miner's reward address. At this
moment, the system will switch to PoS. Based on the information contained in this header, a set of
random validators is selected to sign the new block. Here, the chance of a validator to be selected
would depend on the number of coins he or she holds. The more coins a validator has, the higher the
probability of him/her being selected. Once these selected validators have completed the signature of
the block, the template will become a complete block. If some of the validators are not available for
signing the block, they will be selected to sign the next block and a new set of validators will be
selected until the current block gets the correct number of signatures. The transaction fee will be
distributed among the miner and the validators who participated in the signature of the block.
For PoW [6], a qualified block can be expressed as:




!
Whitepaper V.0.8.5
f(nonce) < target
Where “nonce” is a random element, “target” is a quantification of qualified block, and the
“Target” of each accounting node is consistent. In addition, the successful operation of PoW also
requires the following two principles:
1.  Best chain principle: the longest chain is considered as the correct chain.
2.  Incentive principle: rewards will be awarded to those who have found qualified blocks.
Principle 1 is a mandatory rule that must be followed by everyone. The common goal is to
find a consistent ledger, and the longest chain represents the greatest workload. If there is no such
consensus, everyone will only construct their own chain and no agreement can be reached.
Principle 2 is the workload incentive. Due to the cost of accounting, the only way to
encourage people to participate in the network is to provide rewards to them according to the
workload.
In this way, participation in the accounting and recording of transaction for the blockchain
becomes an investment behavior, and the cost, benefits, and risks involved in the process will
naturally form a game under the constraint of principle 1, which drive all the nodes to construct
blocks according to the principles faithfully and finally reach a Nash equilibrium.
For PoS [7], a qualified block can be expressed as:
f(timestamp) < target * balance




!
Whitepaper V.0.8.5
The above PoS scheme is currently used by nxt [8] [9] and Blackcoin [10]. The simple version
of PoS mechanism can easily lead to centralization of wealth (as the wealthiest participants have the
greatest impact and highest chance of being selected as validators), which can pose serious threat to
the integrity and security of the whole system. Therefore, we must add another variable into the
formula to prevent the problems of centralization and security arising from only considering stake
(balance). Compared to PoW, the search space on the left side of the formula is changed from “Nonce”
to “Timestamp”. As the range of “Nonce” is infinite, but the range of “Timestamp” is extremely
limited, the block time of a qualified block must be within the specified range of the previous block’s
block time - blocks that do not meet this criterion will not be accepted by other nodes.
The target value on the right side of the formula introduces a product factor, balance.
Therefore, the larger the balance is, the larger the target value is (Target * Balance), and the easier a
block is to be found. Because the range of “Timestamp” is limited, the success rate of casting a block
through PoS is mainly related to Balance (Stake). Hcash's PoS mechanism will draw on existing PoS
mechanism to improve the efficiency of PoS under the premise of ensuring the security of the system,
and focus on improving the security of the digital currency when the PoS mechanism is used.
C.                                                                                                          Hierarchy: DAO Governance
The Decentralized Autonomous Organization (DAO) is an unexpected, yet ideal product of
the cryptography technological revolution. The root of the Decentralized Autonomous Corporation
(DAC) can be traced back to the decentralized organization described by Ori Brafman in "Starfish
and Spider" (2007) [11], and "peer production" described by Yochai Benkler in “Web Fortune” (2006)
[12]. However, these two concepts are later linked together by cryptocurrency-related technology,
and gradually entered into cryptocurrency lexicon. In October 2013, Dan Larimer first put forward
the idea of Decentralized Autonomous Corporation (DAC), where he considered Bitcoin as a DAC
also.
About DAC
In order to provide a clear definition of DAC, we have summarized the seven features that are
necessary to a DAC:
•   Openness: The design of DAC system is made with a priority for transparency. The principle
of openness and transparency is the cornerstone of the entire DAC system. An organization




!
Whitepaper V.0.8.5
that operates behind closed doors cannot be considered as a DAC. Nowadays, the spirit of
open source software has become a typical example of openness.
•   Decentralization: No centralized individuals or organizations can control the entire DAC. This
feature determines self-similarity. The decentralized characteristic of the system ensures the
vitality of the DAC system and protects people from corruption and abuse of authority, 
•   Autonomy: Everyone can participate in the DAC system. All participants are either subsidiary
or sub-unit of DAC system, which will promote the development of DAC from their own
point of view. The spontaneous behavior of the participants guarantees the operation of the
DAC.
•   Value: A DAC system must have use value and can be put into practical application. For
example, several features of the bitcoin system, such as international payment network,
anonymous transaction, tax avoidance and value storage, have determined the profitability of
the Bitcoin DAC system and contributed to improve the value and utility of the coin for coin-
holders.
•   Profitability: DAC participants will receive rewards for contribution to DAC system
development, and the profitability is determined by the value of the DAC itself.
•   Self-similarity: Even there are only a few DAC nodes exist, the DAC system can still function
and develop normally. The destruction of some unit nodes will not affect the development of
DAC, which is guaranteed by the decentralization property.
•   Democracy: Changes in the core protocol of the DAC system require voting from vast
majority of units, and the decentralization and autonomy feature have determined that the
DAC must be a system capable of democratic voting.
Vitalik later extended this idea of DAC and proposed a more general concept: DAO
(Decentralized autonomous organization). Unregulated crowd funding and service segregations are
components of a DAO, as well as cryptography technological management and trust-based
automation. These features allow DAO to run "under the control of a set of business rules without any




!
Whitepaper V.0.8.5
human participation," just as Stan Larimer said. However, this kind of autonomous organization in
ideal state can also lead to serious consequences if there is no strict control during the system design
stage. [13].  
For example, in June 2016, the DAO, the largest crowdfunding project in the history of
Ethereum blockchain, raised more than $150 million USD worth of ETH. Nevertheless, due to the
loopholes in code, the organization was attacked by hackers and lost more than 3.6 million ETH,
which worth more $60 million USD at that time. Consequently, the ETH community split with the
announcement of new security protocols, resulting in the co-existence of two blockchains: ETC and
ETH
In the Hcash system, 5% of the coins will be sent to a DAO, and all Hcash holders can
determine the use of funds through a real-time dynamic voting system, for example, development of
wallets and other infrastructures, or carrying out marketing campaign and other public relation
activities. The DAO is the driving force behind future advancement of Hcash community and
provides the community with an unfailing supply of vitality. At the same time, the code for Hcash
DAO will go through rigorous audits and adds necessary human intervention at the initial stage
(Hcash foundation would invite a third party to conduct security audits on the code). This is to protect
the DAO from making significant errors in the utilization of funds at early stage.
D.                                                                                                          Hidden: Zero Knowledge Proof
Zero Knowledge Proof (ZKP), also known as zk-SNARK, is the core technology behind the
anonymous characteristic of Zcash. ZKP allows the prover to convince the verifier that a certain
assertion is correct without providing any useful information.
Taking into account the massive amount of data interaction in Hcash, we use an identification
scheme where the security is based on the difficulty of solving the discrete logarithm problem. The
scheme can be pre-computed to reduce the amount of real-time calculation and the amount of data
needs to be transmitted. In order to generate the key pair, first select the parameters of the system:
prime p and prime q, where q is the prime factor of p - 1. p ≈ 21024, q > 2160. Element g is with order
q, where l ≤ g ≤ p - 1.  Let a be the generator of GF (p), then g = a (p - 1) / q mod q. The system
parameters (p, q, g) and the verification function (that is, the public key of the trusted third-party T)
are distributed by T to verify the signature of T on the message.




!
Whitepaper V.0.8.5
Give each user a unique identity I. User A (with identity IA) would select a secret key s, 0 ≤ s
≤ q - 1, and calculates v = g - s mod p; A would then send IA and v reliably to T and obtains a
certificate from T. Let CA = (IA, v, ST (IA, v)), where ST(.) is the signature generated by T.
The protocol is as follows: 
(1) Select the random number r, where 1 ≤ r ≤ q - 1. Calculate x = gr mod p, which is a pre-
processing step that can be done before B appears; 
(2) A sends (CA, x) to B; 
(3) B solves ST (IA, v) with the public key of T and verifies the identity IA and public key v of
A, and send a random number e between 1 and 2t - 1 to A, where t is a security parameter; 
(4) A verifies 1 ≤ e ≤ 2t - 1, calculates y = (s e + r) mod q, and sends y to B; 
(5) B verifies x = gy ve mod p. If the equation holds, then it can be recognized that the identity
of A is legitimate. 
The security is based on the parameter t, where t is chosen to be large enough so that the
probability of guessing e correctly 2-t is small enough. The suggested value for t is 72, and the
suggested lengths for p (that is, |p|) and q (that is, |q|) are 512 bits and 140 bits respectively.
This protocol is a zero-knowledge proof of s that does not reveal any useful information about
s in the verification process.




!
Whitepaper V.0.8.5
Hcash will draw from the technique of Zero Knowledge Proof from Zcash. It will not only be
used to achieve bi-directional encryption in the process of asset transfer, but also be deployed in
many other areas that have high demands on transactional privacy. Hcash has incorporated real-time
communication function into the client, which can not only support cross-platform token transfer via
a black address but also achieve high privacy in day-to-day peer-to-peer communication through the
technique of Zero Knowledge Proof, as well as realizing cross-platform encrypted communication
such as from Hcash client to Byteball client and vice versa.
E.                                                                                                      Hard: Quantum Resistance
Currently within the blockchain systems represented by Bitcoin, SHA-256 hash calculations
and ECDSA elliptic curve cryptography serve as the most basic security protection along the Bitcoin
network. However, with the advancement of quantum computer technology, especially within Shaw's
algorithm (a typical representative of the quantum algorithm), related operations can be achieved
from the index level to the polynomial level in theory. Problems that are difficult for a classical
computer in the foreseeable future can certainly be solved by practical quantum computers.
Post-quantum cryptography, also known as quantum-resistant cryptography, is able to resist
the attacks by quantum computers. The development of such encryption technology takes a more
traditional path, based on difficult problems in specific mathematics fields. Through researching and
developing algorithms, the post-quantum secure encryption technology can be applied in the network,
and to provide the highest level of data security.
The application of post-quantum cryptography does not rely on any quantum theory
phenomenon, but its computational security can defend against any form of quantum attack that is
currently known. In 1997, IBM researchers proposed an encryption scheme called Learning With
Errors (LWE)[14][15], which means to learn with error. As it takes a long time to find the nearest
lattice, it can resist attacks from the quantum computer.
Ring-LWE-based public key encryption scheme: Related parameter selection and operation
rules.
The main parameters of the program are n, p, q. 




!
Whitepaper V.0.8.5
n: the maximum number of polynomials in the encryption scheme. In the guarantee of
efficiency and security standard, it should be 2k.
q: a large modulus, which is a positive integer. The value of q is related to the specific case.
The q value should be large enough to ensure that the security is high, but the greater the value of q,
the more system resources will be consumed and the computation will be increased as well.
p: a small modulus, usually a small positive integer. Let R = Z q[x] /( xn + 1) ，the two
polynomial f and g in the ring are expressed as follows f(x) = f0 + f1(x) +... + fn-1(xn-1)，g (x) = g0 +
g1(x) + ... + gn- 1(xn-1)，k ∈ R， Define the following operations: k · f(x) = kf0 + kf1(x)+ ...kfn-1(xn-1)
Private Key Generation
In this scheme, the encryption public key is h (x), the decryption private key is f (x) and fp (x).
The selection method is as follows:
f(x) ·g(x) = 0 mod q f(x) ·fq(x) = 1 mod q h(x) = fq(x) + 1
The public key is (h(x)，g(x)),and the private key is (f(x)，fp(x)).
Encryption process
In the scheme, the random error polynomial is introduced when encrypting, e(x)∈ Ψα, Ψα is
a Gaussian distribution with the parameter α, and the plaintext is converted to the polynomial m(x).
The ciphertext is: c(x) = h(x)·m(x) + g(x) ·e(x)
Decryption process
The received ciphertext is c (x), and the steps for decrypting the ciphertext using the private
key f (x) and fp (x) are as follows:
α(x) = f(x) ·c(x) 
= f(x) ·h(x) ·m(x) + f(x) ·g(x)·e(x) 
=[f(x)·fq(x)+f(x) ]·m(x)+f(x)·g(x)·e(x) mod q(1)
= f (x) · m (x)




!
Whitepaper V.0.8.5
fp (x) · α (x) = fp (x) · f (x) · m (x) mod p
= m (x) (2) 
In the decryption process of steps (1) and (2), there may be a decryption failure. When the
coefficient of step (1) is not in the interval (- q2, q 2) or Step (2) coefficient is not in the interval (- p2,
p2), there will be decryption failure. But as long as the selection of the appropriate parameters, the
possibility of decryption failure is still very small. We also can be use the algorithm similar to NTRU
to avoid decryption failure.
Hcash will develop a Ring-LWE key exchange protocol that works with OpenSSL to
achieve post-quantum secure in blockchain.
F.                                                                                                                 Handy: Limited Blockchain with Unlimited Transaction
The DAG technology itself is not based on blocks. Therefore, it is not subject to the
constraints of block validation time (for example, the validation time for Bitcoin and Ethereum is 10
minutes and15 seconds, respectively). Due to the need to take into consideration the interaction
between Hcash and DAG-based blockchain system, the system has incorporated some of the
advantages and strengths of DAG in its design. Thus, the validation time for transactions in the Hcash
system is almost instantaneous. Also, as DAG is not based on blocks, there is no so-called block size
limit in DAG. In theory, the amount of transactions that can be accommodated per unit time is fairly
large (HTPS, Hyper Transaction Per Second). At the same time, Hcash needs to account for
interaction with block-based blockchain systems. Consequently, it is possible for Hcash to realize a
mass number of transactions per unit time under a limited block volume, thereby truly fulfilling the
function of "HyperCash".
G.                                                                                                                 Haven: Limited Token Supply
                                                                                                                                                                           The total supply of Hcash is fixed. About 84 millions of tokens will be created, and will be
distributed through the following six channels:
•                                                                                                                  21 million (25%) will be created via PoW;  
•                                                                                                                  21 million (25%) will be created via PoS;  
•                                                                                                                                                                          21 million (25%) will be issued for ICO and given to the community for free; 
•                                                                                                                  12.6 million (15%) will be issued for Pre-ICO sales. 




!
Whitepaper V.0.8.5
•                                                                                                         4.2 million (5%) will reserved for the development team & Hcash fund,  
•                                                                                                         4.2 million (5%) will reserved for Hcash-DAO.  
Hcash has both white and black addresses, which corresponds to the transparent address of
Zcash and Whitebyte of Byteball, and the Z-Add of Zcash and Blackbyte of Byteball, respectively.
Hcash users can convert their white addresses to black addresses or vice versa in their own wallets,
provided that the total number of Hcash remains unchanged. In the default definition of the system,
the 21 million tokens generated by PoS mechanism will all go to the dark address, and this part of the
coins are called HiddenCoins. Similarly, the 21 million tokens generated by PoW mechanism will
also go to the dark address as HiddenCoin by default when new blocks are found. Except for the 50%
of Hcash above, all of the remaining coins will go to the white address, including the part for ICO and
free distribution, early investors, and the coins held by development team and Hcash Foundation and
Hcash-DAO. The coins in either white address or black address can be sent upon request during
conversion between different systems or transmission between different users.




!
Whitepaper V.0.8.5
III.                                                                                                       Development Roadmap
As Hcash is focusing on building new technical standards and redefining value, the technical
challenges faced by the team are unprecedented. The expected development roadmap for Hcash is
shown as below and is only for reference:
Hcash and Hshare
Since it takes time to implement Hcash code and develop various features listed above, after
the end of the ICO, all the investors will get Hshare first as a sort of placeholder, which is developed
based on existing mature UTXO model. After the Hcash main chain is launched, the holders of
Hshare can redeem any Hshare they have in any online exchanges or with Hcash official team for
Hcash at a rate of 1 Hshare = 1 Hcash.  After about 10 months, all redemption and replacement will
be completed. At then, the Hcash team will use technical means to destroy all Hshare permanently.
Hshare's open source code can be found under Hcash's GitHub page - everyone can read and review
the source code and check if the total number of Hshare issued is consistent with the number of
Hcash stipulated in the white paper.




!
Whitepaper V.0.8.5
                                                                                                           IV.               Project Risk and Risk Management
A.                                                                                                         Regulatory risk
At present, although some governments, such as Japan, hold a positive attitude towards
blockchain technology and cryptocurrency and have established favorable policy to support the
growth of the industry, there are still many uncertainties in the regulatory level due to conflicts
between the decentralized nature of public blockchain and the policies of existing centralized
governments. Governments adverse to the proliferation of the use of cryptocurrencies in local
commerce could issue laws and regulations deeming the use of cryptocurrencies a regulated activity.
For example, in recent weeks, countries such as China and Korea have issued regulations or
statements prohibiting token sales, while other countries like the U.S. have sought to bring the sale of
tokens within the regulator control of securities offerings. This could result in holders of Hcash being
unable to use their coins in the future without further regulatory compliance.
The management team will use the following ways to manage the regulatory risk:
   The team will set up a separate public relation department that will actively communicate with
relevant government authorities and industry practitioners, so as to design and carry out its
digital asset issuance, trading, blockchain finance, blockchain applications and other business
under existing legal framework.
   The operation of Hcash project neither involves transactions using fiat money nor interferes
with the exchange between Hcash and fiat money carried out by third party exchanges. Hcash
team focused only on technology.  
B.                                                                                                         Market risk
The ultimate goal of Hcash is to achieve the free flow of value and information within the
blockchain ecosystem. However, since the blockchain industry is still in its infancy stage of
development, the project will face a variety of market tests in the future.
The operation team will use the following ways to manage the market risk: 
   The Hcash operation team will attend industry meetings regularly and hold press release on
project progress from time to time to communicate and discuss with relevant developers




!
Whitepaper V.0.8.5
regarding current market needs and prospects. This can ensure that the project is able to
respond to voices of the community and market.
C.                                                                                                       Technical risk
The goal of Hcash is to stablish a new set of cross-platform technical standards, which is a
very difficult task in terms of technology development. Therefore, the project puts a high demand on
top-notch technical talents and requires extensive research involvement and engagement. If these
requirements cannot be satisfied, it will definitely affect the progress of the project and even
eventually lead to the failure of the whole project.
The operation team will use the following ways to manage the technical risk: 
   The operations team will work closely with top domestic and foreign universities and research
institutions to build joint laboratories that focus on the development of innovative blockchain
technology. The Hcash foundation will also regularly allocate funds to support the
construction of Hcash community and carry out in-depth collaboration with other blockchain
and crypto communities, so as to ensure that the technical risks of the project are controllable.
D.                                                                                                       Financial risk
Financial risk refers to the significant loss of investment raised through ICO and Pre-ICO sale.
For example, hackers or other malicious groups or organizations may attempt to interfere with Hcash
distribution or Hcash tokens in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, malware attacks,
denial of service attacks, consensus-based attacks, Sybil attacks, smurfing and spoofing, In addition,
the team may not be able to complete the development progress within the schedule because of
personnel and financial problems and so on.
The operation team will use the following ways to manage the financial risk: 
   All the digital currency raised through ICO or Pre-ICO sale are stored in multi-signature
wallet with cold storage and managed by the directors of Hcash Foundation. Using 3/5 multi-
signature, the risk of project funds being subject to expropriation and/or theft can be
effectively reduced.




!
Whitepaper V.0.8.5
V.                                                                                                       Disclaimer
This whitepaper has been prepared by Hcash team for the sole purpose of introducing the
technical aspects of the Hcash and its associated platform and underlying blockchain protocol. This
document does not constitute any offer, solicitation, recommendation or invitation for, or in relation
to, the securities of any company described herein.
The whitepaper is not an offering document or prospectus, and is not intended to provide the
basis of any investment decision or contract. The information presented in this whitepaper is of a
technical engineering nature only, and has not been subject to independent audit, verification or
analysis by any professional legal, accounting, engineering or financial advisers. The whitepaper does
not purport to include information that a buyer of Hcash might require to form any purchase decision,
and, in particular, does not comprehensively address risks of the Hcash, which are numerous and
significant.
Hcash (along with its directors, officers and employees), does not assume any liability or
responsibility whatsoever for the accuracy or completeness of information contained in this
whitepaper, or for correcting any errors herein. Furthermore, should you choose to participate in the
ICO or Pre-ICO sale of Hcash, Hcash does not assume any liability or responsibility whatsoever for
any loss of market value of Hcash.
The content of this whitepaper is technically challenging and requires a high degree of
familiarity with distributed ledger technology in order to comprehend the Hcash and its associated
engineering risks.
Recipients of this document are encouraged to seek external advice, and are solely responsible
for making their own assessment of the matters herein, including assessment of risks, and consulting
their own technical and professional advisers.




!
!
Whitepaper V.0.8.5
VI.                                                                                                Reference
[1] Nakamoto, S. (2008). Bitcoin: A peer-to-peer electronic cash system. 
[2] Buterin, V. (2014). A next-generation smart contract and decentralized application platform.
[3] Wikipedia. Directed acyclic graph. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Directed_acyclic_graph. 
[4] Popov, S. (2016). The tangle. Retrieved from https://iota.org/IOTA_Whitepaper.pdf,
[5] Churyumov, A. (2016). Byteball: A Decentralized System for Storage and Transfer of Value.
Retrieved from https://byteball.org/Byteball.pdf. 
[6] Wikipedia. PoW. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proof-of-work_system. 
[7] Wikipedia. PoS. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proof-of-stake. 
[8] Nxt Community. (2015). Nxt Whitepaper (Blocks). Retrieved from
https://bravenewcoin.com/assets/Whitepapers/NxtWhitepaper-v122-rev4.pdf. 
[9] mthcl (pseudonymous). (2014). The math of Nxt forging. Retrieved from
https://www.docdroid.net/e29h/forging0-5-1.pdf.
[10] Vasin, P. (2014). Blackcoin’s proof-of-stake protocol v2.
[11] del Castillo, M. (2016). The DAO Attacked: Code Issue Leads to $60 Million Ether Theft.
Retrieved from https://www.coindesk.com/dao-attacked-code-issue-leads-60-million-ether-theft/.
[12] Brafman, O., & Beckstrom, R. A. (2006). The starfish and the spider: The unstoppable
power of leaderless organizations. Penguin.
[13] Benkler, Y. (2006). The wealth of networks: How social production transforms markets and
freedom. Yale University Press.
[14] Hoffstein, J., Pipher, J., & Silverman, J. H. (1998, June). NTRU: A ring-based public key
cryptosystem. In International Algorithmic Number Theory Symposium (pp. 267-288). Springer,
Berlin, Heidelberg.
[15] Lyubashevsky, V., Peikert, C., & Regev, O. (2013). On ideal lattices and learning with
errors over rings. Journal of the ACM (JACM), 60(6), 43-77.
!





