A Payments-Based Cryptocurrency
and Incentivization Network
Marshall Hayner
marshall@metalpay.co
www.metalpay.com
Abstract
Metal is a blockchain-based system utilizing Proof-of-Processed-Payments to identify users,
rewarding them for converting legacy fiat currency into cryptocurrency. It is a system similar to
bitcoin but with a user-friendly interface and front-end that is similar to Venmo, Square or
PayPal. Metal can act as a bridge to bitcoin or any cryptocurrency available. Many small
businesses across the world prefer to only accept cash. However, in an increasingly cashless
society, refusing to accept digital and card payments can be problematic. Put simply, Metal
believes cash only businesses can benefit by adopting cryptocurrency as a new new form of
cash, as cryptocurrencies possess many of the same properties particularly around privacy,
censorship resistance and fungibility.   In order to bring digital payments into a world that utilizes
blockchain-based technology over some traditional banking rails, Metal expects to save
consumers 4-5% on all purchases.
Introduction
Eight years after the release of bitcoin, cryptocurrency has still yet to go mainstream
and achieve widespread adoption. The reasons for this can be attributed to these
major problems:
(1) User experience and difficult learning curve
(2) Lack of incentive for the layperson to get involved
(3) Volatility in price
(4) Many view bitcoin with suspicion due to sensational reporting from media
(5) Questions around privacy
(6) Lack of settlement finality
(7) Legal uncertainty in the case of forks and hacks.
1




Bitcoin has shown currency can exist outside of the current   financial system. It is
technologically resistant to counterfeiting via blockchain technology. However, this by itself is
not inherently strong enough to spark a technological payments revolution. Rather, bitcoin is
exciting and motivating entrepreneurs to build a better mousetrap. One challenge is that bitcoin
is extremely volatile and scares away many would-be users due to the fact it is accepted almost
nowhere, including brick and mortar businesses and online. Financial institutions, for the most
part, avoid bitcoin. They are creating private blockchains to identify sources of funds as well as
users on these systems.
Using a centralized form of Know-Your-Customer (KYC) identification and a payments platform,
Metal proposes to fairly distribute cryptocurrency via Proof-of-Processed-Payments (PoPP) on
top of the ethereum blockchain. Satoshi’s original vision for bitcoin was to distribute miner
rewards fairly through Proof-of-Work (PoW). However, we have seen mining become highly
centralized in China. With a centralized group of miners, distribution of the cryptocurrency
becomes highly skewed and becomes near impossible for the layperson to earn, instead forcing
them to purchase through an exchange.
Without an incentive to purchase, cryptocurrency may never reach mass adoption. Metal
proposes a system utilizing provable payments attached to verified identities to distribute
currency. Anyone can participate to earn MTL as a reward for converting fiat to cryptocurrency.
The goal is to provide all of the financial services small to medium sized businesses (SMB)
might need, but can’t access currently.
2




Transactions
Metal will offer services through software to make transactions accessible for regular users. This
strategy will prove valuable as peer-to-peer payments are incentivized to leave traditional rails,
opting for an open network of cryptocurrency payments. These transactions will settle faster and
provide real world value beyond traditional cash-based payments.
The size of transactional volume from the traditional incumbents is staggering.   For General
purpose payment cards with global brands such as American Express, Diners Club/Discover,
JCB, Mastercard, UnionPay, and Visa collectively generated purchase volume of $2e.422 trillion
in 2e15. They are projected to generate $54.fg1 trillion by 2e25. These card-present and card-
not-present payments for goods and services are generated by credit, debit, and prepaid cards
Cards issued in the United States held a 23.44% share of global brand purchase volume in
2e15. That share will fall to 17.6g% by 2e25, even as card spending reaches $g.711 trillion, up
from $4.7f6 trillion in 2e15 h1i.
The dollar volumes are massive as well. For general purpose payment cards with global brands
such as Visa, Mastercard, American Express, Discover, JCB, Diners Club, and UnionPay had
collectively generated 227.e5 billion purchase transactions in 2e15. They are projected to
generate 6e4.1e billion purchase transactions in 2e25. These card-present and card-not-present
payments for goods and services are generated by credit, debit, and prepaid cards. Cards
issued in the United States generated 36.35% of the global brand purchase transaction total in
2e15. The U.S. market share is projected to fall to 27.63% by 2e25, even as the region is
expected to see transactions grow by f.44 billion annually to reach 166.g4 billion in 2e25 h2i.
3




With market capitalizations in cryptocurrency in the tens of billions today, as the industry scales
and grows it will capture some of this market.
Reward vs. Penalty
The current state of cryptocurrency is a penalty over a reward. In order to enter cryptocurrency
one must have a fundamental understanding of the software that it runs on, the best security
practices, ability to get in and out, avoid fluctuation and find the lowest possible fees. In addition,
even armed with these skills, many users are forced to wait days for their payments to clear
before they have coins on-chain. In the case of Metal, payments are approved or declined
immediately and displayed as spendable off-chain credit until they settle on chain. This makes
the entire experience unusable for the layman. Proof of Processed Payments (PoPP) changes
the experience from an unpleasant penalty, to a simple reward. Earn crypto when you spend
money, earn crypto when you receive money. Through PoPP and the Metal platform we are
incentivizing usage and adoption of cryptocurrency and building an ecosystem for users and
merchants.
Incentives
Metal does everything traditional payment apps can do. This includes peer-to-peer transfer and
real-time invoicing. With cryptocurrency integration and PoPP, Metal users will earn
cryptocurrency for making normal payments. PoPP is a mechanism to incentivize people to
leave fiat money for crypto currency. It gives people an opportunity to be a part of the financial
system by giving them a financial history, which can enable them to open bank accounts and
access other services.
Merchants may purchase platform credit with MTL which will entitle them to a discount on all
associated payment processing fees and a discount on merchant services. The use of the MTL
token by merchants and individuals will drive adoption and thus usage beyond platform-based
services provided by Metallicus Limited, the parent company of Metal. Merchants may also
receive an additional 5% off payment processing fees for offering a discount when paying with
MTL.
Many merchants will find it advantageous to offer the MTL discount to save on traditional credit
and debit card processing fees. Due to the ability to save merchants on processing fees,
consumers utilizing the platform will receive significant discounts when making purchases.
Owners of Metal will receive significant benefits in the form of discounts:
1) Discounts for Metal merchants
2) Discounts for customers paying with MTL
4




3) Discounts for consumers in the form of heavy discounts on pay features
Underlying Technology
To implement a provably fair distribution model, Metal uses the public ethereum blockchain h1ei.
It uses Ethash as its Proof-of-Work for security. In an attempt to keep cryptocurrency
distributed, the Ethereum Foundation chose an ASIC-resistant scheme h11i, however this still
does not make mining accessible to the layman. Proof-of-Work merely slows down the
inevitable: centralization and the inability to participate with consumer hardware.
Metal aims to be blockchain agnostic and recognizes the need for multiple cryptocurrencies. If
cryptocurrency adoption is to take off it must utilize multiple blockchains. For example, many
users wish to see the currency in terms of United States Dollars or Euros. For this reason Metal
is using financial instruments that will offer stability. Metal recognized the need for
Interoperability and Metal will use inter-blockchain exchanges to transfer between multiple
cryptocurrencies and cryptoassets.
Meanwhile, loyalty-based tokens that merchants can create will be on the ethereum network as
well as MTL the token.   Bitcoin is the underlying currency powering all transactions and
purchases. However, this may change at a later time with sufficient volume to switch to MTL,
ethereum or something different entirely.
Proof-of-Processed-Payments
Proof-of-Processed-Payments (PoPP) acts as a provable way of identifying users and
distributing new currency into the system. At the same time, it rewards users who convert fiat
currency into cryptocurrency.
For this identity-based, volume-dependent distribution network, Metal first identifies a user
through a social security number or passport ID with identification software. Second, Metal gets
a photograph on file, either a selfie or picture of identifying documents. Third, Metal can link a
credit or debit card number in preparation for processing a payment. If no credit/debit card is
available, a user can sign up with only an email address and invoice credit/debit/ach accounts
into cryptocurrency.                                                                                 Provided all data points check out and the registered name on the
identification matches the name on the credit or debit card, Metal initiates a payment using
proprietary anti-money-laundering (AML) and anti-fraud technology. The payment typically
declines or accepts in under one minute. The pending payment notification shows on the
transaction list for the receiver of funds.
When the payment is completely settled and the bank transfer or cryptocurrency issued, a
portion of the gross amount of the payment is returned in METAL tokens. This is 5% of the
5




volume of the transaction at trading value for MTL in either direction (sender/receiver).           As an
example, $1ee in MTL is sent. It is trading $1/MTL. Both sender and receiver would both get 5
MTL.
In order for the receiver to claim the additional MTL, they must go through the KYC process and
be identified as a separate person receiving the payment. If a user wishes to simply top-up their
account with a crypto balance, they are eligible for a discount of the purchase price of the
transaction in MTL, the parent company of Metal, collects fees for processing payments.
Additional Features
Plugins
Platform (like Wordpress and Drupal) plugins to add Metal functions to websites and apps.
Loyalty
Loyalty issuance in the form of blockchain and closed loop tokens for merchants.
Split Payments
Paying with friends is always better. Create an event and start a split payment, invoice the
group and watch as you approach the goal.
Escrow
Escrow-based multisignature wallet used for marketplace or auction purposes.
Ecommerce platform
Shopify-style ecommerce with Metal rewards as the key market differentiator.
Loan product
Lending platform tied to escrow offering. Borrowers can be rated based on Metal rewards.
Microtransactions
Sending very small amounts of money, which current payment processors do not support.
Branded payment card
Metal merchants will be able to cultivate loyalty with specific branded payment options.
Blockchain identity management
Proof-of-Processed-Payments (PoPP) ID system. Discourages money laundering practices.
Hardware NFC payment terminal
Raspberry Pi hardware terminals and kFC cards that make tap to pay possible anywhere Metal
is accepted. In addition, kFC integrated wearables such as FitBit bracelets and phone cases.
6




These features will be unlocked with MTL micropayments for consumers. Once a customer in
the app is earning MTL these features are unlocked like a game. This can be done by achieving
certain milestones (eg. transactional volume) using PoPP or by simply paying for them.
Network
A total of 66,5ff,fff MTL tokens will be created at the genesis.                                    The Metal token will be ERC2e
compliant which means that a stakeholders addresses can be linked to a name or tag, or
fetched by an identity security provider h12fi.
A 31% initial amount of MTL tokens will be saved from the cap of 66,5ff,fff MTL, which is
21,eff,fff MTL. This will be deducted from the total amount available for distribution through
PoPP (26,341,112) and locked up for 12 months, leaving 21,eff,fff MTL for the token sale.
A portion of the company reserve will be set aside 3,37f,eee MTL will be broken down to
1,eee,eee MTL each for the initial two co-foundersl whereas 2ee,eee METAL will be distributed
among each of the first five employees and 4e,eee MTL will be distributed each for nine
advisors (3,37f,eee total).
MTL tokens will vest every month for twelve months until fully vested with co-founders, first
employees and advisors. If for any reason a founder, employee or advisor ceases to be with the
company during their vesting period, all vesting will cease and be returned to the Metallicus
Limited operational pool.
This leaves an additional 13,37f,fff MTL in Metal operational pool to be used at the company’s
discretion. The operational pool may not be drawn from by Metal for up to twelve months from
the completion of the token sale. The Metal operational pool may be used for such efforts but
not limited to: Attracting top talent to the company, marketing purposes and performance-based
bonuses for employees.
Equity investors in Metal are entitled to the average token sale price of MTL at $e.1f, for their
equity investment to be matched in MTL tokens. This financing of $556,eee in private equity
takes exactly 3,eff,fff MTL from the initial token sale amount, reducing it to 1f,eee,eee MTL
available at the start of the token sale.
The token sale will be distributed over the course of six months until all of the coins are sold
(1f,eee,eee MTL). Any coins that are not sold during the three tiers of the token sale will be
dissolved into a proof of burn address via ethereum contract in Solidity.
7




Metal will list what cryptocurrency will be accepted in the sale based on coins meeting particular
liquidity thresholds.                                                                                The coins will be sold in the following order with additional bonuses for
payment in ethereum:
                                                                                                     Early                                                                       Pre-      Pre-Sale    Pre-Sale    Pre-Sale    Tier 4
                                                                                                     Investor                                                                    Sale      Tier 1      Tier 2      Tier 3
                                                                                                     Funding
Price                                                                                                n/a                                                                         $e.e5     $e.1e       $e.16       $e.1f       $e.2e
Amount                                                                                               3,eff,fff                                                                   5ee,eee   5,eee,eee   5,5ee,eee   5,5ee,eee   1,5ee,eee
available
Distribution Within Platform
Over time, 26,341,112 MTL tokens will be created through Proof-of-Processed-Payments,
bringing the eventual circulation to 66,5ff,fff MTL. The coin will be redeemed by Metallicus
Limited for merchant services, including merchant processing fees as well as premium features
on the platform at a discount from trading value at redemption.
Smart Contract Escrow
The operational budget of funds raised during the initial token sale will be held in 2-of-3 escrow
between the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Compliance Officer. In order to move Metal company
funds signatures must be obtained from two of the three parties.   Metal will unlock tokens with a
majority approval from the board of directors after a minimum period of 12 months from the
completion of the token sale date. The presale tokens are to be distributed separately as they
will be allocated at the beginning of the token sale to the aforementioned multi-sig wallet to be
distributed by the Metal team.
The Smart Contracts for the sale are being audited by Smart Contract Solutions (also known as
jeppelin). The smart contract code will be publicly released prior to the sale for purposes of
transparency.
Metal Operating Budget
Metal projects $2,g51,eee will provide over two years of operating expenses with a team of ten
people. Furthermore, Metal expects to be revenue positive in its first year. Additionally, Metal
has raised $556,eee in equity from venture firms Alphabit Fund, G2 Ventures, Gateway, Erik
Voorhees, Andrew Lee, among others. This funding was completed prior to the token sale,
which has allowed Metal to make crucial hires and expenditures.
f




October 2017: Beta Launch. Multi-signature, multi-cryptocurrency wallet.
Spring 2018: Banking Rollout. Metal bank account with prepaid debit cards integrated. Use
Metal anywhere credit cards are accepted.
Winter 2018: Merchant Adoption Features. Shopify-style integrations, plugins for online
businesses, integrated kFC hardware tap-to-pay terminal, and much more.
g




Company Structure
Metallicus Inc is a Delaware company with a traditional structure with a board of directors, CEO,
CTO, and CCO.
Metallicus Limited is a Hong Kong based company created to manage the currency (same
governance as Metallicus Inc.).
1e




Network Governance
In order to join and participate in the network, actors need to be known and have their identity
established.                                                                                               Metal will use proprietary anti-money-laundering (AML) and anti-fraud technology.
This is done to onboard these otherwise high risk actors into the financial system and begin
using a cryptocurrency and blockchain payments platform for their business requirements.
Conclusion
There is a huge need for a digital payments system to rival the incumbent payment processing
regime in place today. By utilizing blockchain technology, Metal can save merchants money on
electronic payment processing costs. By merchants passing on savings to consumers, people
will have more choices than ever to make payments. By building a simplified system similar to
Square, PayPal or Venmo, Metal takes advantage of the opportunities bitcoin offers in terms of
creating an entirely new payment rail system that is transparent, redundant and efficient.
References
h1i  kilson Report 11e2, January 2e17.
h2i  kilson Report 11e1, January 2e17.
h3i SOAR Payments mkutraceutical Industry Profilen https://www.soarpay.com/nutraceuticals-merchant-
accounts/
h4i Robinson, Melia, Business Insider mThe legal weed market is growing as fast as broadband internet in
the 2eeesn 2e17
http://www.businessinsider.com/arcview-north-america-marijuana-industry-revenue-2e16-2e17-1
h5i Burns, Janet, Forbes mHow The okicheo Sex Toy Market Grew Into An Unstoppable $15B Industryn
2e16
https://www.forbes.com/sites/janetwburns/2e16/e7/15/adult-expo-founders-talk-15b-sex-toy-industry-after-
2e-years-in-the-fray/p3feebac75bbg
h6i Morris, Chris, CkBC mThings Are Looking Up in America’s Porn Industryn 2e15
http://www.nbcnews.com/business/business-news/things-are-looking-americas-porn-industry-n2fg431
h7i Gaudiosi, John, Fortune mHow the U.S. Is Killing It in eSportsn 2e16
http://fortune.com/2e16/e1/27/us-is-killing-it-in-esports/
hfi  Intuit 2e2e Report mTwenty Trends that Will Shape the kext Decaden
https://http-download.intuit.com/http.intuit/CMO/intuit/futureofsmallbusiness/intuitq2e2eqreport.pdf
hgi Ai Group mThe Emergence of the Gig Economyn
11




http://cdn.aigroup.com.au/Reports/2e16/GigqEconomyqAugustq2e16.pdf
h1ei Buterin, Vitalk and Wood, Gavin mA kext-Generation Smart Contract and Decentralized Application
Platformn
https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/White-Paper
h11i Buterin, Vitalik mOn Miningn 2e14
https://blog.ethereum.org/2e14/e6/1g/mining/
h12i The Ethereum Wiki, mERC2e                                                                         Token Standardn
https://theethereum.wiki/w/index.php/ERC2eqTokenqStandard
12





