THE WORLD’S MOST
SECURE COIN
WHITEPAPER
NOVEMBER 1ST 2017
Derek Capo
CEO
Carlos Salazar
CTO
Joseph Pacetti CPA
CFO
Dr. Yannis Kalfoglou Ph.D
Team@TokenPay.com
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform.
Purchase does not constitute investment.




TABLE OF CONTENTS
Cover                                                              1
Table of Contents                                                  2
Important Notice                                                   4
Disclaimer of Liability...                                         5
No Representations and Warranties...                               5
Representation and Warranties by Reader...                         5
Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements...                   7
Market and Industry Information and Consent of Other Persons...    9
Terms Used...                                                      9
No Advice...                                                       9
No Further Information of Update...                                10
Restrictions on Distribution and Dissemination...                  10
Risk and Uncertainties...                                          10
Foreword                                                           11
Introduction                                                       13
TPAY Digital Coin Summary                                          14
TokenPay Vision                                                    15
Six Key TPAY Security Features that Bitcoin does not have          16
Multi-Signature Transactions...                                    16
Ring Signatures...                                                 16
Dual-Key Stealth Addresses...                                      17
Zero-Knowledge Proof...                                            17
Tor Network Integration...                                         18
Introduction to the TokenPay SCI...                                18
The TokenPay Project                                               19
Why did TokenPay base its Blockchain off of Bitcoin?...            19
Two Fundamental Differences between TPAY and Bitcoin...            19
Proof-of-Stake is Superior to the Proof-of-Work Mining System...   19
Complete Tor Network Integration for Maximum Security...           22
How the Tor Network Works...                                       23
Multi-Signature Transactions...                                    24
Dual-Key Stealth Address...                                        26
Zero-Knowledge  Proof...                                           27
Ring Signatures...                                                 28
Secure Communication Interface...                                  30
Elliptic Curve Diffie-Hellman Key Exchange P2P Messaging...        30
Practical uses of the TokenPay Blockchain Technology...            31
©                                                                  2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   2




TPAY is Bitcoin on Steroids...                                                                                                            35
The Competitive Landscape of Blockchain Technology                                                                                        36
TokenPay Digital Wallet Users Generate TPAY Coin Rewards...                                                                               36
Bitcoin Network uses Antiquated Proof-of-Work Mining...                                                                                   36
Multi-Screen Digital Wallet is Decentralized and Incentivized...                                                                          36
TPAY Blockchain is Based on Bitcoin...                                                                                                    37
TokenPay Tech Specifications                                                                                                              38
TokenPay Secure Multi-Screen Encrypted Wallets                                                                                            39
TokenPay Branded Paper Wallet and Key Generator                                                                                           40
Licensed International Bank Integration                                                                                                   41
Stable  Banking  Jurisdiction...                                                                                                          42
International Multi-Currency Crypto Debit Card                                                                                            43
TokenPay BlueDiamond Cardholder Benefits...                                                                                               44
Payment Processing Services for Online Merchants                                                                                          45
TPAY Functionality within TokenPay Banking Ecosystem...                                                                                   46
High Demand and Rapidly Growing Market Opportunity                                                                                        46
Bitcoin Substantially Dominates the Cryptocurrency Market...                                                                              47
Licensed and Regulated Wallet and Exchange...                                                                                             48
Fully Linked International BlueDiamond Debit Card...                                                                                      49
TokenPay is Asia-Pacific (APAC) Focused...                                                                                                50
Market Data Supports Strong APAC Cryptocurrency Trends...                                                                                 51
Asia-Pacific Market Share in Financial Service Industry...                                                                                51
TokenPay Project Roadmap                                                                                                                  52
Team                                                                                                                                      53
Advisors                                                                                                                                  55
Conclusion                                                                                                                                57
Acknowledgements                                                                                                                          59
CONTACT                                                                                                                                   59
References                                                                                                                                60
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   3




IMPORTANT NOTICE
PLEASE READ THIS SECTION AND THE FOLLOWING SECTIONS ENTITLED
“DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY”, “NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES”,
“REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES BY YOU”, “CAUTIONARY NOTE ON
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS”, “MARKET AND INDUSTRY INFORMATION
AND NO CONSENT OF OTHER PERSONS”, “NO ADVICE”, “NO FURTHER
INFORMATION OR UPDATE”, “RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION AND
DISSEMINATION”, “NO OFFER OF SECURITIES OR REGISTRATION” AND “RISKS
AND   UNCERTAINTIES” CAREFULLY.
IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO THE ACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE, YOU SHOULD
CONSULT YOUR LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S).
The TPAY coins are not intended to constitute securities in any jurisdiction.
This Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any
sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities or a solicitation for
investment in securities in any jurisdiction.
This Whitepaper does not constitute or form part of any opinion on any advice
to sell, or any solicitation of any offer by the distributor/vendor of the TPAY
coins (the “Distributor”) to purchase any TPAY coins nor shall it or any part of
it, nor the fact of its presentation form the basis of, or be relied upon in
connection with, any contract or investment decision.
No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment in
relation to the sale and purchase of the TPAY coins and no cryptocurrency, or
other form of payment is to be accepted on the basis of this Whitepaper.
No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information
set out in this Whitepaper. No such action has been or will be taken under the
laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The publication,
distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper does not imply that the
applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules have been complied   with.
There are risks and uncertainties associated with TokenPay and/or the
Distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the TPAY coins,
and the TokenPay Wallet (each as referred to in this Whitepaper).
This Whitepaper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not be taken or
transmitted to any country where distribution or dissemination of this
Whitepaper is prohibited or restricted.
No part of this Whitepaper is to be reproduced, distributed or disseminated
without including this section and the following sections entitled “Disclaimer
of Liability”, “No Representations and Warranties”, “Representations and
Warranties By You”, “Cautionary Note On Forward-Looking Statements”,
“Market and Industry Information and No Consent of Other Persons”, “Terms
Used”, “No Advice”, “No Further Information or Update”, “Restrictions On
Distribution and Dissemination”, “No Offer of Securities Or Registration” and
“Risks and Uncertainties”.
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   4




Disclaimer of Liability
To   the maximum extent permitted by the applicable laws, regulations, and
rules, TokenPay and/or the Distributor shall not be liable for any indirect,
special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract
or otherwise (including, but not limited to, loss of revenue, income or profits,
and loss of use or data), arising out of or in connection with any acceptance of
or reliance on this Whitepaper or any part thereof by you.
No Representations and Warranties
TokenPay and/or the Distributor does not make or purport to make, and
hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty or undertaking in any form
whatsoever to any entity or person, including any representation, warranty or
undertaking in relation to the truth, accuracy and completeness of any of the
information set out in this Whitepaper.
TokenPay and/or the Distributor does not guarantee or warrant the site will be
uninterrupted, without delay, error-free, omission-free, or free of viruses.
Therefore, the information is provided “as is” without warranties of any kind,
express or implied, including accuracy, timeliness and completeness
Representation and Warranties by You
By accessing and/or accepting possession of any information in this
Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may be), you represent and
warrant to TokenPay and/or the Distributor as follows:
(a) you agree and acknowledge that the TPAY coins do not constitute
securities in any form in any jurisdiction;
(b) you agree and acknowledge that this Whitepaper does not constitute a
prospectus or offer document of any sort, is not intended to constitute an
offer of securities in any jurisdiction or a solicitation for investment in
securities, you are not bound to enter into any contract or binding legal
commitment, and no cryptocurrency or other form of payment is to be
accepted on the basis of this Whitepaper;
(c) you agree and acknowledge that no regulatory authority has examined
or approved of the information set out in this Whitepaper, no action has
been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any
jurisdiction and the publication and distribution or dissemination of this
Whitepaper to you does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory
requirements or rules have been complied with;
(d) you agree and acknowledge that this Whitepaper, trading of the TPAY
coins on any cryptocurrency exchange, shall not be construed, interpreted
or deemed by you as an indication of the merits of the TokenPay and/or the
Distributor, the TPAY coins, and the TokenPay Wallet (each as referred to in
this Whitepaper);
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   5




(e) the distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper, any part thereof or
any copy thereof, or acceptance of the same by you, is not prohibited or
restricted by the applicable laws, regulations or rules in your jurisdiction,
and where any restrictions in relation to possession are applicable, you have
observed and complied with all such restrictions at your own expense and
without liability to TokenPay and/or the Distributor;
(f) you agree and acknowledge that in the case where you wish to purchase
any TPAY coins, the TPAY coins are not to be construed, interpreted,
classified or treated as:
(i) any kind of currency other than cryptocurrency;
(ii) debentures, stocks or shares issued by any person or entity (whether
TokenPay and/or the Distributor)
(iii) rights, options or derivatives in respect of such debentures, stocks or
shares;
(iv) rights under a contract for differences or under any other contract
the purpose or pretended purpose of which is to secure a profit or avoid
a loss;
(v) units in a collective investment scheme;
(vi) units in a business trust;
(vii) derivatives of units in a business trust; or
(viii) any other security or class of securities.
(g) you have a basic degree of understanding of the operation, functionality,
usage, storage, transmission mechanisms and other material characteristics
of cryptocurrencies, blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency
wallets or other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology
and smart contract technology;
(h) you are fully aware and understand that in the case where you wish to
purchase any TPAY coins, there are risks associated with TokenPay and the
Distributor and their respective business and operations, TPAY coins, and
the TokenPay Wallet (each as referred to in the Whitepaper);
(i) you are fully aware and understand that cryptocurrencies may have tax
implications in your jurisdiction, including value added tax and capital gains
tax; and you agree and acknowledge that neither TokenPay nor the
Distributor is liable for any consequences arising from tax implications
regarding the TPAY coins or the TokenPay Wallet (each as referred to in the
Whitepaper);
(j) you are fully aware and understand that transactions regarding the TPAY
coins or the TokenPay Wallet (each as referred to in the Whitepaper) may
be subject to regulations in your jurisdiction regarding barter exchanges;
(k) you agree and acknowledge that neither TokenPay nor the Distributor is
liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of
any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of
revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   6




connection with any acceptance of or reliance on this Whitepaper or any
part thereof by you; and
(l) all of the above representations and warranties are true, complete,
accurate and not misleading from the time of your access to and/or
acceptance of possession this Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case
may be).
Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements
All statements contained in this Whitepaper, statements made in press
releases or in any place accessible by the public and oral statements that may
be made by TokenPay and/or the Distributor or their respective directors,
executive officers or employees acting on behalf of TokenPay or the
Distributor (as the case may be), that are not statements of historical fact,
constitute “forward looking statements”. Some of these statements can be
identified by forward-looking terms such as “aim”, “target”, “anticipate”,
“believe”, “could”, “estimate”, “expect”, “if”, “intend”, “may”, “plan”, “possible”,
“probable”, “project”, “should”, “would”, “will” or other similar terms. However,
these terms are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking
statements. All statements regarding TokenPay’s and/or the Distributor’s
financial position, business strategies, plans and prospects and the future
prospects of the industry, in which TokenPay and/or the Distributor are
mentioned are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements,
including but not limited to statements as to TokenPay’s and/or the
Distributor’s revenue and profitability, prospects, future plans, other expected
industry trends and other matters discussed in this Whitepaper regarding
TokenPay and/or the Distributor are matters that are not historical facts, but
only predictions.
These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results,
performance or achievements of TokenPay and/or the Distributor to be
materially different from any future results, performance or achievements
expected, expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These
factors include, amongst others:
(a) changes in political, social, economic and stock or cryptocurrency
market conditions, and the regulatory environment in the countries in which
TokenPay and/or the Distributor conducts its respective businesses and
operations;
(b) the risk that TokenPay and/or the Distributor may be unable or execute
or implement their respective business strategies and future plans;
(c) changes in interest rates and exchange rates of fiat currencies and
cryptocurrencies;
(d) changes in the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal
growth of TokenPay and/or the Distributor;
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   7




(e) changes in the availability and fees payable to TokenPay and/or the
Distributor in connection with their respective businesses and operations;
(f) changes in the availability and salaries of employees who are required by
TokenPay and/or the Distributor to operate their respective businesses
andoperations;
(g) changes in preferences of customers of TokenPay and/or the Distributor;
(h) changes in competitive conditions under which TokenPay and/or the
Distributor operate, and the ability of TokenPay and/or the Distributor to
compete under such conditions;
(i) changes in the future capital needs of TokenPay and/or the Distributor
and the availability of financing and capital to fund such needs;
(j) war or acts of international or domestic terrorism;
(k) occurrences of catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts of God
that affect the businesses and/or operations of TokenPay and/or the
Distributor;
(l) other factors beyond the control of TokenPay and/or the Distributor; and
(m) any risk and uncertainties associated with TokenPay and/or the
Distributor and their businesses and operations, the TPAY coins, and the
TokenPay Wallet (each as referred to in the Whitepaper).
All forward-looking statements made by or attributable to TokenPay and/or
the Distributor or persons acting on behalf of TokenPay and/or the Distributor
are expressly qualified in their entirety by such factors. Given that risks and
uncertainties that may cause the actual future results, performance or
achievements of TokenPay and/or the Distributor to be materially different
from that expected, expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements
in this Whitepaper, undue reliance must not be placed on these statements.
These forward-looking statements are applicable only as of the date of this
Whitepaper.
Neither TokenPay, the Distributor nor any other person represents, warrants
and/or undertakes that the actual future results, performance or achievements
of TokenPay and/or the Distributor will be as discussed in those
forward-looking statements. The actual results, performance or achievements
of TokenPay and/or the Distributor may differ materially from those
anticipated in forward looking statements.
Nothing contained in this Whitepaper is or may be relied upon as a promise,
representation or undertaking as to the future performance or policies of
TokenPay and/or the Distributor.
Further, TokenPay and/or the Distributor disclaim any responsibility to update
any forward-looking statements or publicly announce any revisions to those
forward-looking statements to reflect future developments, events or
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   8




circumstances, even if new information becomes available or other events
occur in the future.
Market and Industry Information and Consent of Other Persons
This Whitepaper includes market and industry information, and forecasts that
have been obtained from internal surveys, reports and studies, where
appropriate, as well as market research, publicly available information and
industry publications. Such surveys, reports, studies, market research, publicly
available information and publications generally state that the information that
they contain has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but there
can be no assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such included
information.
Save for TokenPay, the Distributor, respective directors, executive officers and
employees, no person has provided his or her consent to the inclusion of his or
her name and/or other information attributed or perceived to be attributed to
such person in connection therewith in this Whitepaper and no representation,
warranty or undertaking is purported to be provided as to the accuracy or
completeness of such information by such person, and such persons shall not
be obliged to provide any updates on the same.
While TokenPay and/or the Distributor have taken reasonable actions to
ensure that the information is extracted accurately and in its proper context,
TokenPay and/or the Distributor have not conducted any independent review
of the information extracted from third party sources, verified the accuracy or
completeness of such information or ascertained the underlying economic
assumptions relied upon therein. Consequently, neither TokenPay, the
Distributor, nor respective directors, executive officers and employees acting
on behalf makes any representation or warranty as to the accuracy or
completeness of such information and shall not be obliged to provide any
updates on the same.
Terms Used
To facilitate a better understanding of the TPAY coins being offered for
purchase by the Distributor, and the businesses and operations of TokenPay
and/or the Distributor, certain technical terms and abbreviations, as well as, in
certain instances, their descriptions, have been used in this Whitepaper. These
descriptions and assigned meanings should not be treated as being definitive
of their meanings and may not correspond to standard industry meanings or
usage.
Words importing the singular shall, where applicable, include the plural and
vice versa and words importing the masculine gender shall, where applicable,
include the feminine and neutral genders and vice versa. References to
persons shall include corporations.
No Advice
No information in this Whitepaper should be considered to be business, legal,
financial or tax advice regarding TokenPay, the Distributor, the TPAY coins, and
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   9




the TokenPay Wallet (each as referred to in the Whitepaper). You should
consult your own legal, financial, tax or other professional advisor regarding
TokenPay and/or the Distributor and respective businesses and operations,
TPAY coins, and the TokenPay Wallet (each as referred to in the Whitepaper).
You should be aware that you may be required to bear the financial risk of any
purchase of TPAY coins for an indefinite period of time.
No Further Information of Update
No person has been or is authorized to give any information or representation
not contained in this Whitepaper in connection with TokenPay and/or the
Distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the TPAY coins,
and the TokenPay Wallet (each as referred to in the Whitepaper) and, if given,
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been
authorized by or on behalf of TokenPay and/or the Distributor.
Restrictions on Distribution and Dissemination
The distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper or any part thereof may
be prohibited or restricted by the laws, regulatory requirements and rules of
any jurisdiction. In the case where any restriction applies, you are to inform
yourself about and to observe, any restrictions which apply to your possession
of this Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may be) at your own
expense and without liability to TokenPay and/or the Distributor. Persons to
whom a copy of this Whitepaper has been distributed or disseminated,
provided access to or who otherwise have the Whitepaper in their possession
shall not circulate it to any other persons, reproduce or otherwise distribute
this Whitepaper or any information contained herein for any purpose
whatsoever nor permit or cause the same to occur.
Risk and Uncertainties
Prospective purchasers of TPAY coins (as referred to in this Whitepaper)
should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties associated
with TokenPay, the Distributor and their respective businesses and operations,
the TPAY coins, and the TokenPay Wallet (each as referred to in the
Whitepaper), all information set out in this Whitepaper and the T&Cs prior to
any purchase of TPAY coins. If any of such risks and uncertainties develops
into actual events, the business, financial condition, results of operations and
prospects of TokenPay and/or the Distributor could be materially and
adversely affected. In such cases, you may lose all or part of the value of the
TPAY coins.
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   10




FOREWORD
In 2010 I was introduced to a group working on a startup called TokenPay.
Following a presentation by the company, I signed on as an investor. The
mission was clear. TokenPay wanted to provide a secure and anonymous way
for a consumer to pay a merchant by credit card. The technology was
impressive and unique. Transactions occurred directly on the merchant’s
website through a client-side API. The platform worked, but there was a key
missing element. That is, the ability to obtain card processing proved to be an
insurmountable hurdle for the team. Despite an active compliance program
that included all the usual KYC and AML procedures, no bank would agree to
process for TokenPay. Ultimately the business failed because of this. But there
was no shortage of demand with wannabe consumer and merchant clients
clamoring for an account. The public was clearly beginning to embrace the
idea of digital cash. It was however too early.
Fast forward to 2013 and a new emerging payment technology called Bitcoin
was in the news after spiking in value from virtual pennies to over $1000.
Despite my suggestion for a potential move to a blockchain payment platform,
it was simply too late for TokenPay to pivot. The core team had already thrown
in the towel having been handily defeated by the iron curtain of the banking
industry. At this point I began to deeply study FinTech and this new form of
money known as cryptocurrencies. I started compulsively writing for various
financial media such as TheStreet and Seeking Alpha. It was at the latter site
where I met a fellow writer and former hedge fund analyst named Derek Capo.
Our relationship blossomed due to a mutual obsession over a Park City
headphone company called Skullcandy. Eventually we became real life friends
and business partners. We created a startup of our own called eFin. This is a
website where ordinary investors could receive hedge fund level research in an
automated fashion.
Around the same time, I stumbled upon an online stock trading community
called investFeed. The nascent social media startup happened to be in the
midst of its seed round. After speaking at length with the operators, I decided
to make an investment. Outside of the two founders, I remain the largest
shareholder of this company. During this time, Derek and I managed to build
an impressive financial research platform. Through this process we met Tony
Weeresinghe. He is a former executive of the London Stock Exchange and the
founder of Ustocktrade. Tony was impressed with the type of research that
eFin was producing and he invited us to present at the MIT FinTech
Conference early in 2016. While at the conference, eFin launched an official
partnership with Ustocktrade. The AI driven stock scoring system we
developed was fully integrated into the Ustocktrade platform. This was great
and all for us and it sure seemed like eFin was off to the races. However, I
noticed something very different. The FinTech conference was being
dominated not by stock discussion, but by blockchain.
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   11




Early in 2017 after realizing the challenge that investFeed was facing in terms
of traffic generation, I suggested to the founders that they should immediately
focus on cryptocurrencies rather than stocks. While there were other investors
that remained naturally apprehensive of the abrupt change in strategy,
investFeed embraced the new concept. The blueprint was written and an ICO
was quickly launched.
investFeed sold approximately $4 million of an Ethereum based token in a
matter of weeks. The investFeed platform is now flourishing. Traffic is surging
and the future looks extremely bright. I could not be happier for the team and
how my early seed investment has begun to sprout. With a roadmap that
includes grandiose but realistic plans all the way out till the end of next year,
I’m excited to see this all play out. The shift to cryptocurrencies was timely and
no doubt the right move. We have not even seen the tip of the iceberg yet
when it comes to blockchain technology, particularly when it comes to
cryptocurrency applications. And I know this, because at the same time Derek
was working hard on something very special. I had to get in on it.
After constantly hearing about countless hacks causing chaotic volatility in the
cryptocurrency markets, Derek came up with a novel idea. He partnered with a
group of obsessively privacy driven cryptographic coders on a top secret
project. Over the course of nearly a year of intense programming the
blockchain team created a new secure coin technology that can only be
described as Bitcoin on steroids. With encryption and anonymity dominating
the headlines, this appeared to be a winning concept. But to be a game
changer, it was clear that what is needed is more than just a coin. Simply put,
the missing link in all of these crypto platforms is the ability to turn digital
assets into cold hard cash that can be realistically spent in whatever quantity
without hassle. Through my international financial contacts I managed to
locate the ideal bank for sale. We moved quickly to sign the necessary
paperwork to begin the intense due diligence procedure. Firm plans are in
place for the buildout of a next generation blockchain banking and payments
platform driven by an amazing team of top industry professionals and
advisors. This has been a long road for everybody involved in the TokenPay
project since inception. However, I finally feel that all the pieces are now firmly
in place. As Freud so eloquently said, “One day, in retrospect, the years of
struggle will strike you as the most beautiful.”
Charles Moscoe, Director
Huntingdon Investment Corp
Wickhams Cay 2
Road Town, Tortola
British Virgin Islands
www.huntingdon.vg
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   12




INTRODUCTION
Digital currencies are often called cryptocurrencies due to the intricate
technical details related to cryptography, but it did not start here. When
looking back at human history, from the cowry shells of the Asian region to the
first coinage in ancient kingdoms, mankind first saw printed money in
medieval times. This breakthrough was followed by modern-day electronic
versions of money. Today, there is an international banking ecosystem, which
consists of banknotes, credit/debit cards, derivatives, stocks, bonds and much
more. It was a combination of human ingenuity and societal commitments that
drove the need to come up with innovative solutions to tackle the most
intricate concept of human interaction handling the exchange of value.
Cryptocurrencies represent the next level in the evolution of money. The
technology behind this new form of money called blockchain. It is entirely
driven by math and is completely decentralized. Most notably, unlike all
previous forms of money, cryptocurrencies are not able to be manipulated. It is
essentially money 2.0.
Blockchain is experiencing a period of exponential growth and adoption, not
unlike the collective transition towards internet use in the 90’s. Established in
2008, Bitcoin is a cryptocurrency based on blockchain. In just a matter of
years, it has become a legitimate and tradable commodity on a global scale. It
has massive liquidity with billions of dollars of Bitcoin traded and used daily.
This exceeds the GDP of many sovereign nations. In fact, the market
capitalization of Bitcoin now exceeds that of Goldman Sachs. There are 16
million Bitcoins in circulation among thousands of holders. Bitcoin is only one
of the more than 1,700 cryptocurrencies available for people to buy, use and
trade. These other coins are known as altcoins. Many are based on the Bitcoin
platform, others on highly liquid Ethereum and Litecoin. The features of the
coin vary widely from practical to practically useless depending on the
underlying technology. However, there exists a dramatic misalignment in the
metamorphic shift to digital currencies.
The major underlying problem is that traditional financial institutions and the
related governing and operating regulations are not well aligned with
cryptocurrencies. The concept behind public banks was designed and
conceived hundreds of years ago. This is the early stage of a transition
towards the decentralization of the financial world. But there is resistance. The
powerful and entrenched institutions are not keen to transact in
cryptocurrency. And the influence of powerful special interest groups ensures
that traditional banks do everything possible to reject this new form of capital.
However, blockchain technology makes the adoption of cryptocurrencies
possible. It is mathematically fluid and moves much faster than a central bank,
a regulatory body or international fiscal treaties. Currently, there exists an
intermediate “limbo” state whereby many cryptocurrency holders are unable
to benefit from the corresponding economic value. There must be a solution to
this critical problem that is affecting a rapid increasing amount of people.
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   13




TokenPay’s platform has been designed to combine the strengths of an
established banking institution with the flexibility and future-forward potential
of cryptocurrency. The network enables the exchange of Bitcoin, Ethereum
and other major cryptocurrencies by bridging the transition gap to fiat. It also
enables unfettered user access to cryptocurrency funds at merchant point of
sale locations and ATMs worldwide. Pending conclusion of bank transition,
users will have the ability to store Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies in a
secure and insured wallet similarly to how customers at a typical bank account
are provided for via fiat accounts. As a result, counterparty risk is naturally
minimized with a licensed and bonded bank. The acquisition of WEG Bank AG
in Germany enables TokenPay to operate in a manner that will cater to and
understand the unique needs of global cryptocurrency holders.
DIGITAL TOKEN SUMMARY
3
s
ock
User
Shared
Wallet
Authority 1                                                                                                                               Authority 2
Zero-Knowledge
Proof about KeyB                                                                                                                          Tor Network
Integration
Key A                                                                                                                                     Key B
Blockchain
P2P
Application
alt
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   14




TOKENPAY VISION
TokenPay's goal is to afford clients the ability to facilitate
ordinary cryptocurrency to hard asset transactions with ease.
Owned and licensed bank
TokenPay
handles all types of transactions
BANK
Full liquidity support for
PRIVATE
crypto and multi-currency assets
EXCHANGE
Secure digital token
technology drives banking
BLOCKCHAIN
and payments platform
TECHNOLOGY
CORPORATE                                                                                                                                 PERSONAL
Merchant payment platform,                                                                                                                P2P crypto
white label card services                                                                                                                 and fiat transfers, insured
and secure high transaction                                                                                                               wallet, physical and virtual
volume accounts                                                                                                                           international debit card
TokenPay has acquired equity stakes in both WEG Bank AG and
TokenSuisse AG in attractive, privacy-driven jurisdictions. In addition to
cryptocurrency holder consumer benefits, TokenPay offers a complete suite of
merchant services through the robust TokenPay banking platform. All billing
and fees collected are denominated in the TPAY digital coin, which has already
been thoroughly tested and developed. TPAY is an ultra-privacy coin that is
functionally superior to Bitcoin in many ways. It contains several unique
features such as multi-signatures, ring signatures, dual-key stealth addresses,
ZK proofs (zero-knowledge), along with a fully encrypted and decentralized
Tor network integration. TPAY is the backbone of TokenPay’s fundamentally
core cryptocurrency-friendly banking integration.
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   15




SIX KEY                                                                                                                                   SECURITY FEATURES THAT BITCOIN DOES NOT HAVE
Multi-Signature Transactions
Standard transactions on the                                                                                                              ny
TokenPay network could be called                                                                                                          of 3
eys
“single-signature transactions,”
nlock
because transfers require only one
signature — from the owner of the
User
private key associated with the
TPAY address. However, the
TokenPay P2P network supports
much more complicated
transactions that require the
Shared
signatures of multiple people before                                                                                                      Wallet
the funds can be transferred. These
are often referred to as M-of-N
transactions. The idea is that TPAY
coins become “encumbered” by
providing addresses of multiple
parties, thus requiring the
cooperation of those parties.
Ring Signatures
In cryptography, a ring signature is a
type of digital signature that can be
performed by any member of a
group of users that each have keys.
Therefore, a message signed with a
ring signature is endorsed by
someone in a particular group of
people. One of the security
properties of a ring signature is that
it should be computationally
infeasible to determine which of the
group members' keys were used to
produce the signature.
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   16




Dual-Key Stealth Addresses
These addresses are different from the
standard addresses commonly used in
cryptocurrencies and allow for better
privacy. A dual-key stealth address can
be shared publicly by the recipient yet
any transaction made out to this
address cannot be linked back to it.
When the stealth address has been
revealed to the payer(s),   it will enable
the payee to receive infinite unlinkable
payments. Meaning that each payment
to a Stealth address computes a new
unused normal address on which the
funds ought to be received, any
eavesdropper will be unable to link the
two addresses.
TPAY combines these features to make
the user experience a private and
secure one.
Zero-Knowledge Proof
In cryptography, a zero-knowledge
Authority 1                                                                                                                               Authority 2
proof or zero-knowledge protocol is
a method by which one party (the
prover) can prove to another party
Zero-Knowledge
(the verifier) that a given statement                                                                                                                   Proof about KeyB
is true, without conveying any
information apart from the fact that
the statement is indeed true.                                                                                                             Key A         Key B
If proving the statement requires
knowledge of some secret
                                                                                                                                          Blockchain
information on the part of the                                                                                                            P2P
prover, the definition implies that the                                                                                                   Application
verifier will not be able to prove the
statement in turn to anyone else,
since the verifier does not possess
the secret information.
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   17




Tor Network Integration
Tor is a distributed overlay network
designed to anonymize low-latency
TCP-based applications such as web
browsing, secure shell, and instant mes-
saging. Clients choose a path through
the network and build a “circuit'', in
which each node (or onion router) in
the path knows its predecessor and
successor, but no other nodes in the
circuit. Traffic flowing down the circuit is
sent in fixed-size "cells," which are
unwrapped by a symmetric key at each
node (like the layers of an onion) and
relayed downstream.
TokenPay SCI or Secure
Communication Interface
TokenPay has incorporated a peer-to-peer
encrypted instant messaging system
using algorithms to maintain private
conversations when using the TokenPay
wallets.
All of the messages sent and received are
encrypted by the proven AES-256-CBC
algorithm and distributed between nodes
in such a way as to prevent the recipient's
messages from being hacked or viewed
by anyone that it was not intended to,
even if the hacker can view the entire
network and/or run nodes of the network.
To reduce significantly the risk and
inconvenience of sharing passwords, we
implemented the proven and trusted
method of Elliptic Curve Diffie-Hellman or
also known as an ECDH key exchange.
This level of encryption is at the same
level as what governments use for top
secret files.
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   18




THE TOKENPAY PROJECT
TokenPay is a blockchain project that incorporates Bitcoin cryptographic
technology with advanced security and privacy features. Additionally, the
TokenPay platform combines banking and a closed-end private exchange. This
enables wider adoption of the coin via consumer and merchant services.
Developing a TokenPay coin and the infrastructure to support its everyday
seamless use is a crucial step.
Why did TokenPay base its Blockchain off of Bitcoin?
In 2008, Satoshi Nakamoto released the whitepaper and source code of the
Bitcoin blockchain. Nakamoto’s goal was to create a digital currency. One
which was not centralized by a government or a federal reserve. It is open
source and allows other cryptographers to improve upon the code. As of 2017,
various developers have produced many different cryptocurrencies. All claim
to have superior technology. However, Bitcoin still dominates the market.
Nevertheless, the risk of newer blockchains are prone to security and privacy
risks. This is a risk TokenPay is not willing to assume given the critical nature of
the application. TokenPay has combined the most secure privacy and security
features ever released by leveraging its unique blockchain with a combination
of the core Bitcoin source coupled with legacy proven, secure and
privacy-focused features.
Two Fundamental Differences between TPAY and Bitcoin
TokenPay is a Proof-of-Stake                                                                                                              TokenPay incorporates additional
system, whereas the Bitcoin                                                                                                               security and privacy features that are
network is powered by inefficient                                                                                                         not included in the original Bitcoin
Proof-of-Work mining.                                                                                                                     blockchain source code.
Proof-of-Stake is Superior to the Proof-of-Work Mining System
Proof-of-work or PoW is a capital-intensive process to earn Bitcoin. Any entity
with the right equipment and knowledge of blockchain can “mine” or earn
Bitcoins. The process to mine bitcoin consists of acquiring expensive
computers or “mining equipment” that uses the processing power of graphics
chips and electricity to solve advanced mathematical puzzles.
When puzzles are solved, the computers confirm transactions that allow it to
earn Bitcoin as its reward. In 2017, the cost of mining a single Bitcoin reached
over USD $1000. As fewer Bitcoins are being made available as rewards the
costs will only escalate as mining competition intensifies.
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   19




Proof-of-Stake or PoS is a newer form of mining that is referred to as forging.
Coins are earned as a function of and by virtue of being held continuously in a
digital wallet. PoS is an energy efficient way to earn coins because no
specialty mining equipment is needed. All that is required is for the user to
have a desktop, laptop or mobile device. The network of processors creates a
decentralized mining system. This allows an extension of the blockchain by the
user that stakes or holds coins in a wallet. In order to earn additional coins, the
user must simply keep the corresponding wallet open. For instance, if a person
has a TokenPay wallet running on desktop, the wallet is allocating a
percentage of the available processing power to enable the decentralized
network to complete a blockchain. The person is then rewarded in additional
TPAY coins for allocating processing power to the system.
TokenPay will only have a total of 25 million coins ever produced. This is unlike
a centralized fiat currency system where money supply can be increased by
human decision. TokenPay is fostering a strong user driven community by
allocating 25% of the total coins produced for Proof-of-Stake rewards. The
TPAY rewards are given at a distribution rate of 5% per year. Rewards are
pro-rated and distributed on a daily basis. A typical user with 100 TPAY in a
TokenPay branded wallet will receive 5 coins per year or 0.0137 TPAY per day.
Receive Rewards for Powering the Decentralized Network
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   20




PROOF-OF-WORK                                                                                                                             Vs.                              PROOF-OF-STAKE
THE PROBABILITY OF MINING A
                                                                                                                                                                           PERSON CAN “MINE DEPENDING
BLOCK IS DEPENDENT ON HOW
                                                                                                                                                                           ON HOW MANY COINS THEY
MUCH WORK IS DONE BY THE
                                                                                                                                                                           HOLD
MINER
51%                                                                                                                                                                        51%
PAYOUTS BECOMES SMALLER AND
SMALLER FOR BITCOIN MINERS,                                                                                                               THE PoS SYSTEMS MAKES ANY
THERE IS LESS INCENTIVE TO                                                                                                                51% ATTACK MORE EXPENSIVE
AVOID A 51% ATTACK
                                                                                                                                          PoS SYSTEMS ARE MORE
PoW SYSTEMS HAVE POWERFUL
                                                                                                                                          DECENTERALIZED - BUT MUST
MINING COMMUNITIES - BUT TEND
                                                                                                                                          WORK HARD TO BUILD
TO BECOME CENTRALIZED OVER
                                                                                                                                          COMMUNITIES AROUND THEIR COINS
TIME
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   21




Complete Tor Network Integration for Maximum Security
The TokenPay project features a complete client-side implementation of the
Tor network. This was implemented in order to provide absolute anonymity
when conducting secure TPAY network transactions. According to Tor
community developers "Tor is a distributed overlay network designed to
anonymize low-latency TCP-based applications such as web browsing, secure
shell, and instant messaging. Clients choose a path through the network and
build a circuit, in which each node (a.k.a., onion router) in the path knows its
predecessor and successor, but no other nodes in the circuit. Traffic flowing
down the circuit is sent in fixed-size cells, which are unwrapped by a
symmetric key at each node (like the layers of an onion) and relayed
downstream". Essentially, Tor provides transport layer anonymity for TPAY
transactions.
For instance, take Amy for example. In a typical cryptocurrency transaction
Amy wants to make a real life product purchase with Bitcoin.   So, Amy would
have to broadcast her transaction to a few bitcoin supernodes. The Tor
developers explain:
Those nodes then propagate the transaction further to the rest of
the bitcoin network until it becomes recognized. If Alice did not use Tor
to conduct her transaction, those initial supernodes trivially learn the IP
address of Alice. Furthermore, since the Bitcoin blockchain is a public
log of transactions, analysts could match her newest transaction with
her previous transactions and just follow the money trail. These are
commonly used techniques borrowed from the Internet surveillance
realm, known as traffic analysis. Traffic analysis can be used to infer
who is talking to whom over a public network.
Clearly knowing the source and destination of
Internet traffic allows others to track user
Powered by
behavior and interests. Similarly, enterprising
organizations have been data mining social
analytics of the bitcoin blockchain since
inception. Therefore, it should be no surprise
that most Bitcoin clients provide user options
like conducting secure transactions via the Tor
network. Developers of Tor say that “by
routing traffic over Tor, no one learns the
origin IP address of Alice when she performs
the bitcoin transaction." Some Bitcoin wallets
support and use Tor, such as Electrum and
Armory.
SECURITY AND
ANONYMITY
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   22




How the Tor Network Works
Tor node                                                                                                                                  Unencrypted link   Encrypted link
Alice
Step 1: Alice’s
Tor client
obtains a list
of Tor nodes
from a
directory                                                                                                                                 Jane
server.
Dave                                                                                                                                      Bob
Alice
Step 2: Alice’s Tor
client picks a
random path to
the destination
server. Green links
are encrypted.
Jane
Red links are in
the clear.
Dave                                                                                                                                      Bob
Alice
Step 3: If at a later
time, the user visits
another site, Alice’s
tor client selects a
second random path.
Again, Green links
Jane
are encrypted. Red
links are in the clear.
Dave                                                                                                                                      Bob
University of Cambridge - Judge Business School - 2017 Global Cryptocurrency
Benchmarking Study
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   23




Multi-Signature Transactions
A custom built 2-of-3 multi-signature address substantially fuels the robust
TokenPay Multi-signature Transaction Engine (MTE). This advanced digital
protocol protects TPAY users. This works because each party must approve
the transaction before the corresponding data is published on the TPAY
blockchain.
Unlike a traditional payment service that uses numerous intermediaries, there
is no centralized handling of user funds with a multi-signature platform.
Participants generate pairs of private keys and public addresses. While the
private keys are kept secret, users freely distribute the public addresses.
% of Wallet Sample Supporting the Listed Technical Features
                                                                                                                                                                    Hierarchically deterministic (HD) key generation                          88%
                                                                                                                                          Mnemonic word sequence                                                                        72%
                                                                                                                                          Multi-signature support                                                            56%
Watch-only                                                                                                                                                                                                             44%
10                                                                                                                                        20                        30                                                 40    50    60   70    80    90   100
University of Cambridge - Judge Business School - 2017 Global Cryptocurrency Benchmarking Study
Accordingly, wallets have evolved from simple software programs handling
only key management. TokenPay wallets are sophisticated applications that
offer a variety of features. Significant innovation at both the protocol level and
amongst wallet providers has led to the emergence of several breakthrough
technical standards like multi-signature which forms a critical element of the
TokenPay wallet security ecosystem.
Multi-signature, in general, refers to requiring more than one key to authorize a
transaction. It is used to divide up responsibility for possession of coins.
Accordingly, standard transactions on the coin network could be called
“single-signature transactions,” because transfers require only one signature.
This is provided by the holder of the private key associated with the coin
address. However, in order to maintain optimal network integrity of the wallet
and its assets, TokenPay naturally has implemented the most advanced
security features. Because private keys can be stolen, this would typically
result in unauthorized access to digital assets. TokenPay’s MTE system will
prevent this theft from occurring.
This technique of multi-signature transactions adds a significant layer of
security. Multiple signatures are needed to release funds. This protects all
parties conducting transactions with TPAY. This can be referred to as an
M-of-N transactions. The idea is that the TPAY coins become “encumbered” by
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   24




providing addresses of multiple parties. The cooperation of all parties is
required to fully execute the transaction. There can be several types of
multi-signature applications   but the most common one is called 2-of-3. This is
typical of a buyer-seller escrow. The escrow agent is not able to
misappropriate funds or assets because a buyer commits money into a
transaction with the seller and a third-party arbitrator.
For instance, If a TPAY P2P transaction goes smoothly, then both buyer and
seller sign the transaction in order to forward the money to the seller. If
something goes wrong however, the parties can sign a transaction to refund
the buyer. But if the parties cannot agree, an appeal is made to the third-party
who will arbitrate and provide a second signature to the party that it deems
deserves it.
To further protect all users, TokenPay has enabled a system where one private
key is on a user’s computer and   the other can be on mobile for example.
Accordingly, funds cannot be spent without a signature from both devices.
Therefore, for an attacker to steal funds, access must be gained to both
devices. Clearly this is much more difficult than gaining access to a single
device. For this reason the TokenPay MTE is considered to be an extremely
advanced security protocol. But some multi-signature applications and wallets
that support them are not infallible.
There have been reports of traditional multi-signature wallets being
compromised in the past. This has happened mainly due to weak underlying
infrastructure not being properly maintained. This has exposed key security
flaws. Attackers have been able to obtain access to two of the three keys
needed for entry and employ social engineering designed to compel the final
holder to release the key. TokenPay is not subject to these security flaws
because it has an infallible system which incorporates the most advanced and
unbreakable hacker-proof countermeasures.
Any
2 of 3
Keys
Unlock
User
Multi-Signature
Transactions
Shared
Wallet
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   25




Dual-Key Stealth Addresses
Stealth addressing is when a sender takes a   public address from a recipient
and transforms it to a one-time address. This is publicly unlinkable to the
original public address and to any other one-time address. Only the recipient
can link all of the payments together. Furthermore, only the recipient can
derive the secret key associated with the one-time address. By using the
stealth addressing protocol, a recipient can publish one address and receive
unlimited publicly unlinkable payments. Dual-key stealth addresses add
another layer of security. The TokenPay platform incorporates dual-key stealth
addresses. This refers to the pairs of spend/view keys. It allows "decoding" (or
removing the unlinkability) stealth addresses without simultaneously allowing
them to be spent. This is the ultimate in settlement security and anonymity
and it is standard when transacting in TPAY.
TRANSACTION
Tx Public Key                                                                                                                             R = rG
                                                                                                                                          r                 Sender’s
Random Data
TX OUTPUT
Amount
(A,B)
Receiver’s
Destination Key                                                                                                                           P = Hs(rA)G + B
Public Key
Source: Cryptonote 2.0 Whitepaper - October 17, 2013
Simply put, the TPAY dual-key stealth address can be shared publicly by the
recipient but any transaction made out to this address can not be linked back
to it. It is completely anonymous. When the stealth address has been
ultimately revealed to the payer, it will enable the payee to receive infinite
unlinkable payments by TPAY. That means that each payment to a stealth
address computes a new unused normal address on which the funds are to be
received.
For instance, a potential hacker or eavesdropper will be unable to link the two
addresses involved in the transactions. In the figure above P = Hs(rA)G + B is
depicted. In this image. P is the final stealth address (one-time output key, the
destination where funds will actually be sent), Hs is the hashing algorithm that
returns a scalar, r is the new random scalar we chose for this transaction, A is
the receiver’s public view key, G is the standard Ed25519 base point (the
EdDSA signature scheme), and B is the receiver’s public spend key.
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   26




Zero-Knowledge Proof
When a TPAY blockchain transaction is initialized, all parties sign with the
corresponding private key. This signature acts as the analogous action for a
particular public address. The transaction becomes fully executed because all
parties on the blockchain can then verify these signatures using the public
addresses. There is no need for a TokenPay user to reveal their private key to
anybody. As a result, TPAY transactions are conducted with complete security,
anonymity and without any counterparty risk typical of a conventional
payment platform.
In cryptography, a zero-knowledge proof or zero-knowledge protocol is a
method by which one party (the prover) can prove to another party (the
verifier) that a given statement is true, without conveying any information
apart from the fact that the statement is indeed true. A zero-knowledge proof
is one which demonstrates the truth of a certain statement. That is, without
revealing any additional information beyond what it’s trying to prove.
Zero-knowledge proofs in blockchains apply a similar principle: it aims to
prove the statement “this transfer of assets is valid,” without revealing
anything.
Registration                                                                                                                              Registration
Authority 1                                                                                                                               Authority 2
Obtain                                                                                                                                                       Obtain
KeyA                                                                                                                                                         KeyB
after                                                                                                                                     Zero-Knowledge     after
enrollment                                                                                                                                Proof about KeyB   enrollment
Key A                                                                                                                                     Key B
Blockchain
P2P
Application
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   27




Proving that one party knows certain information is trivial if the user is allowed
to reveal that information. It becomes a challenge to prove that one has this
knowledge without revealing what the secret information is. For the TokenPay
zero-knowledge proofs of knowledge, the protocol requires interactive input
from the verifier. Accordingly, a challenge occurs whereby the responses from
the prover are used to convince the verifier if the statement is actually true.
That is if the prover does indeed have this claimed knowledge. If not, the
verifier could record the execution of the protocol and repay it to another
party.
If the new party accepted this as proof that the paying party knows the secret
information, then the new party's acceptance is justified. That is,the re-payer
does know the secret information. This means that the protocol leaks
knowledge and is not zero-knowledge, or it is spurious. The result leads to a
party accepting someone's proof of knowledge which does not possess it.
Some forms of non-interactive zero-knowledge proofs of knowledge exist, but
the validity of the proof relies on computational assumptions. This is typically
the assumptions of an ideal cryptographic hash function, such as that which
tokenpay has integrated into the TPAY blockchain.
Ring Signatures
Ring signatures enable a TokenPay user to sign a message so that a ring of
possible signers (of which the user is a member) is identified. This is done
without revealing exactly which member of that ring generated the signature.
It is a type of digital signature that can be performed by any member of a
group of users that each have keys. A message signed with a ring signature is
endorsed by someone in a group of people. One of the security properties of a
ring signature is that it should be computationally infeasible to determine
which of the group members' keys were used to produce the signature. In
contrast to the common standard group signatures, the TPAY ring signatures
are completely decentralized and do not require any central authority or
coordination among the various users. Indeed, those who transact in TPAY do
not even need to beaware of each other. Furthermore, ring signatures grant
TokenPay platform users granular control over the level of anonymity
associated with any particular signature.
SIGN                                                                                                                                      VERIFY
Private Key                                                                                                                               Private Key
Ordinary Signature
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   28




A main feature of ordinary digital signatures typical of most cryptocurrencies
is that the signer needs a singlesecret key, but a verifier cannot establish the
exact identity of the signer. If for example, one   encounters a ring signature
with the public keys of Alice, Bob, and Carol, the user can only claim that one
of these individuals was the signer. However it would be impossible to identify
whom exactly. However, digital transactions sent to the TokenPay network are
untraceable by virtue of using the public keys of other members in the ring
signature. Of course one of which will apply to the transaction. This way it can
be proven that the creator of the TPAY transaction is eligible to spend the
amount specified in the transaction.
Furthermore, the identity of the creator will be indistinguishable from the
users whose public keys were used in the creation of the ring signatures. It
should be noted that foreign transactions do not restrict people from
spending their own money. A public key may appear in dozens of other ring
signatures. But this is only done as a muddling factor even if a person has
already used the corresponding secret key for signing the transaction.
Moreover, if two users create ring signatures with the same set of public keys,
the signatures will be different unless they use the same private key. This
assures maximum security and anonymity for all TPAY network transactions.
Ring Signature
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   29




TokenPay SCI or Secure Communication Interface
TokenPay has incorporated a peer-to-peer AES-256 encrypted instant
messaging system using algorithms to maintain private conversations when
using the TokenPay wallets. The system works on the desktop wallets and is
the absolute pinnacle in secure P2P communication.
Elliptic Curve Diffie-Hellman Key Exchange P2P Messaging
All of the messages sent and received are encrypted by the proven
AES-256-CBC algorithm and distributed between nodes in such a way as to
prevent the recipient's messages from being hacked or viewed by anyone that
it was not intended to, even if the hacker can view the entire network and run
nodes of the network.
To reduce the risk and inconvenience of sharing passwords, TokenPay has
implemented the proven and trusted method of Elliptic Curve Diffie-Hellman
or also known as an ECDH key exchange. This level of encryption is   at the
same level as that which a government security agency would use to protect
top secret files and documents.
The Elliptic Curve Digital Signature Algorithm or ECDSA is used to provide
confidence that the messages being transmitted arrive at the intended
destination.   Messages are distributed over the existing TokenPay peer-to-peer
network, and   a copy of each encrypted message is stored on each node for
48 hours. Following this period, the messages are permanently deleted with
no chance of   retrieval by any party.
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   30




Practical Uses of the Blockchain Technology
TokenPay’s blockchain and integrated technology allow users the ultimate
private, secure method of conducting transactions and communication. Below
is a real-life example of how the TPAY coin technology can be used.
Jane
Amy                                                                                                                                       100 TPAY   Bob   100 TPAY
(Minus Network Fees)
Fully Anonymous and Non-clickable
Zero-Knowledge Transaction
Amy wants to send Bob 100 TPAY coins anonymously without any
potential hacker or onlooker. Amy first sends an encrypted
message to Bob saying “Bob, I am going to send you 100 TPAY
coins”. Then Amy begins the process of sending TPAY coins to Bob.
With TokenPay’s integration of Zero-Knowledge proof, dual-key
stealth address and ring signatures we are able to make this
transaction as anonymous and secure as possible.
                                                                                                                                                     10    10 TEMP
                                                                                                                                                     10    10 TEMP
                                                                                                                                                     10    10 TEMP    (100 TPAY)  =
                                                                                                                                                     30    30 TEMP
Amy                                                                                                                                       100 TPAY                                    Bob
(Stealth Address)
40                                                                                                                                        40 TEMP
Amy will use the option to send TPAY via the PRIVATE function in
TokenPay’s desktop wallet to send to Bob’s Dual-Key Stealth
address. The network will destroy the TPAY   coins and convert it to
a temporary coin that is still equivalent to the same value as TPAY
coins. These temporary coins can not be replicated or copied by
anyone as they are encrypted solely to create TPAY coins to the
intended recipient.
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   31




                                                                                                                                                        10   10 TEMP
                                                                                                                                                        10   10 TEMP
                                                                                                                                                        10   10 TEMP   (100 TPAY) =
                                                                                                                                                        30   30 TEMP
Amy                                                                                                                                       100 TPAY                     Bob
                                                                                                                                          (Destroyed)                  (Stealth Address)
                                                                                                                                                        40   40 TEMP
After this process is initiated the TPAY coins will no longer be TPAY
but a temporary coin of which will carry no value until it has been
received or used by the intended recipient. Then, the amount of 100
TPAY coins gets split up to random amounts that are never the
same. So, if you send 100 TPAY coins it could be then split up into 5
transactions or more with each one having different amounts that
will still add up to the 100 TPAY coins.
                                                                                                                                                        10   10 TEMP
                                                                                                                                                        10   10 TEMP
                                                                                                                                                        10   10 TEMP
                                                                                                                                                        30   30 TEMP
Amy                                                                                                                                       100 TPAY                     Bob
                                                                                                                                          (Destroyed)                  (Stealth Address)
                                                                                                                                                        40   40 TEMP
Then it incorporates the members of the ring signature.
Zero-Knowledge proofs are used when sending TPAY coins as each
address that the coin is sent to, represents the coin itself.
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   32




10                                                                                                                                        10 TEMP
10                                                                                                                                        10 TEMP
                                                                                                                                                             Link removed
                                                                                                                                                        10   10 TEMP
                                                                                                                                                        30   30 TEMP
Amy                                                                                                                                       100 TPAY                          Bob
                                                                                                                                          (Destroyed)                       (Stealth Address)
                                                                                                                                                        40   40 TEMP
The TPAY coins are sent to the Dual-Key stealth addresses which
removes the link between the parties. It is not possible to determine
which coins have been spent, so all tokens remain in the blockchain
as spendable.
                                                                                                                                                        10   10 TEMP
                                                                                                                                                        10   10 TEMP
                                                                                                                                                             Link removed
                                                                                                                                                        10   10 TEMP
                                                                                                                                                        30   30 TEMP
Amy                                                                                                                                       100 TPAY                          Bob
                                                                                                                                          (Destroyed)                       (Stealth Address)
                                                                                                                                                        40   40 TEMP
Bob now wishes to convert these temporary TPAY coins into real
TPAY so the network signs the transaction with a ring signature
which removes the traceability.
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   33




                                                                                                                                                        10   10 TEMP
                                                                                                                                                        10   10 TEMP
                                                                                                                                                             Link removed
                                                                                                                                                        10   10 TEMP
                                                                                                                                                        30   30 TEMP
Amy                                                                                                                                       100 TPAY                          Bob        100 TPAY
                                                                                                                                          (Destroyed)                       (Stealth   (Minus Network
                                                                                                                                                        40   40 TEMP
                                                                                                                                                                            Address)   Fees)
The network now converts the temporary TPAY coins to the 100
TPAY coins that Amy had originally sent (minus any network fees).
Remember, TPAY coins are only spendable by providing a traceable
ring signature to prove ownership of the coin via the Stealth
Address. Ownership of the address proves the rights to the coins.
Since we are using a Zero-Knowledge proof in our ring signature we
will not reveal any information to anyone.
                                                                                                                                                        10   10 TEMP
                                                                                                                                                        10   10 TEMP
                                                                                                                                                        10   10 TEMP
                                                                                                                                                        30   30 TEMP
Amy                                                                                                                                       100 TPAY                          Bob        100 TPAY
                                                                                                                                          (Destroyed)                       (Stealth   (Minus Network
                                                                                                                                                        40   40 TEMP
                                                                                                                                                                            Address)   Fees)
An ever increasing pool
of outputs (tokens) are
available in the ring signature
Nevertheless, what makes this unique is that when the coins are in
Temporary coin mode not all of the coins have to be converted to
Bob. Bob could choose to convert some today or some 2 weeks
from now which essentially makes it virtually impossible for anyone
to be able to link which transaction happened and on what date and
for how much from the original transaction Amy sent.
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   34




The onlooker Jane can not establish a link between the two parties
and thus has zero-knowledge of the transaction
Jane
Amy                                                                                                                                       100 TPAY                           Bob   100 TPAY
                                                                                                                                          (Destroyed)                              (Minus Network
                                                                                                                                                                                   Fees)
                                                                                                                                          The original TPAY was destroyed          The new TPAY Bob has received
                                                                                                                                          leaving no connection to the new         has no link or traceable connection
                                                                                                                                          TEMP coin.                               to the TEMP or the original TPAY
that was destroyed.
In conclusion, the original TPAY coins that were sent from Alice are
no longer in her possession. Jane is unable to know how many coins
were sent to Bob while Bob was able to receive those coins.
TPAY is Bitcoin on Steroids
Transacting in TPAY is infinitely more secure and anonymous than with Bitcoin.
It is uniquely privacy feature packed with multi and ring signatures, dual-key
stealth addresses, zero-knowledge proofs, unbreakable Tor network
integration and its own closed-end secure communication interface. TPAY
users enjoy full anonymity when exchanging tokens and trading with other
platform users. For this reason, TPAY has been colloquially referred to as the
“Bitcoin on Steroids.”
powered by
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   35




THE COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE OF BLOCKCHAIN   TECHNOLOGY
TokenPay Digital Wallet Users Generate TPAY Coin Rewards
The TokenPay secure SHA-256 encrypted wallets deploy next generation
technology that is fully integrated with the TPAY proprietary blockchain. TPAY
is a Proof-of-Stake coin. It distributes rewards to network holders that use the
wallet. The decentralized network expands virally by leveraging the processing
power provided by TPAY holders’ graphics cards. This amplification is powered
by the TokenPay desktop wallet holders.
Network Architecture
Proof-of-Stake
Proof-of-Work
Bitcoin Based
Yearly Reward Interest                                                                                                                    5%   0%   0%   0%   0%
Bitcoin Network uses Antiquated Proof-of-Work Mining
Antiquated systems, like those employed by Bitcoin itself, use traditional
network mining called Proof-of-Work. Whereby the rewards are only
distributed to the first to find a solution for the mathematical problem that
concerns the subject candidate block. This is a mathematical problem that
cannot be solved in any way other than through brute force. When a miner
finally finds the right solution, it is announced to the whole network at the
same time. Only this miner receives the digital token prize provided by the
protocol. Accordingly, mining requires a huge number of attempts and is
wholly inherently inefficient by design.
Multi-Screen Digital Wallet is Decentralized and Incentivized
TokenPay features a multi-screen densely encrypted wallet that is
fundamentally driven by the most secure core blockchain technology ever
introduced. TPAY tokens can be held and transacted within the wallet itself.
Platform users engage in secure communications by way of the embedded
live engagement platform. The actual TPAY token is Proof-of-Stake driven.
This means that TPAY holders earn a prorated daily 5% per year bonus of
TPAY coins for simply leaving one of the licensed wallets open. The open
wallet acts as a generator engine by leveraging the immense processing
power of the graphics card across the network of all TPAY holders. This set of
actions allows TPAY to expand its decentralized network and it rewards its
holders in kind for providing valuable processing power.
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   36




Blockchain is Based on Bitcoin
Since its launch in 2009, Bitcoin was developed and designed to operate as a
transaction settlement network. It is, therefore, the logical platform destination
for payment processing based coins. Bitcoin is also viewed as a haven asset
similar to gold. Bitcoin is deflationary and scarce. Rival network Ethereum, on
the other hand, is inflationary and abundant. Its network infrastructure is
driven almost entirely with the purpose of facilitating the growth of
decentralized applications (DApps). Its native ETH token was never designed
to operate as a digital currency, only to be used to fund DApps running on the
Ethereum protocol.
Anonymity Features
Stealth Addresses
Ring Signatures
Zero Knowledge
Proofs
Untraceable
Unlinkable
End to End
Anonymity
Secure Chat
Tor Network
Integration
TPAY is the only coin to provide the ultimate privacy of confidential ring
transactions at the protocol level coupled with zero-knowledge proofs,
stealth addresses, encrypted chat and a full Tor network integration. Other
coins have combined some of these features, but only TPAY has unified all of
them in a single unbreakable platform.
Monero features the most impressive privacy profile absent of TPAY, but it
lacks Tor network integration and the embedded secure communications
interface where TPAY users enjoy the real-time encrypted chat.
It is interesting to note that Bitcoin itself, along with the supposedly secure
Dash token, have no advanced security features.
ZCash is widely considered to be a highly secure and anonymous coin, but it
is linkable and falls short by not having true end to end anonymity.
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   37




TOKENPAY TECH SPECIFICATIONS
SPECIFICATION                                                                                                                             VALUE          EXPLANATION
Protocol                                                                                                                                  PoSv3          PoS means Proof-of-Stake which is the
                                                                                                                                                         method TokenPay has used
Block Time                                                                                                                                60 Seconds     Block Time is the amount of time it takes
                                                                                                                                                         to complete a block in the blockchain.
Difficulty                                                                                                                                10 minutes     Difficulty retarget when the chain decides
Re-target                                                                                                                                                to alter its difficulty depending on how
                                                                                                                                                         many people are staking or mining.
Nominal Stake                                                                                                                             5% Annually    Nominal Stake Interest is the amount of
Interest                                                                                                                                  TPAY coins.
Minimum Stake                                                                                                                             2 Hours        Minimum Stake Age means the minimum
Age                                                                                                                                       (no max age)   amount of hours a desktop wallet has to
be running to claim any rewards. Keep in
mind that a mobile wallet or exchange that
holds TPAY coins will not be eligible for
staking rewards.
P2P Port                                                                                                                                  8801           TokenPay’s Peer to Peer port allows
                                                                                                                                                         connections between peers.
RPC Port                                                                                                                                  8800           TokenPay’s Remote Procedure Call Port is
                                                                                                                                                         to allow connections to our server.
Blockchain                                                                                                                                Website        http://explorer.tpay.ai allows anyone to
Explorer                                                                                                                                                 view public ledger transactions on the
                                                                                                                                                         Transactions
SPECIFICATION                                                                                                                             VALUE                                                           EXPLANATION
Minimum Fee                                                                                                                               0.0001 TPAY    This is the fee that will be charged for every
transaction made on the blockchain but is not
a fee that TokenPay would receive it is
essentially burned
Confirmations                                                                                                                             6 Blocks       This is how many times in the network a
                                                                                                                                                         transaction has to be confirmed before a
                                                                                                                                                         transaction can be approved.
Maturity                                                                                                                                  100 Blocks     this is the number of transactions it would
                                                                                                                                                         take to complete a block in the blockchain.
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   38




TOKENPAY SECURE MULTI-SCREEN ENCRYPTED WALLETS
TokenPay’s secure encrypted wallets employ breakthrough Proof-of-Stake
automation technology that is powered by the fully decentralized TPAY
blockchain. Desktop wallet users receive rewards for simply leaving the wallet
open. The processing power of the computer graphics card drives the TPAY
settlement engine. This is a decentralized network, powered entirely by its
users.
DOWNLOAD                                                                                                                                  DOWNLOAD
TokenPay Android Wallet                                                                                                                   TokenPay iOS Wallet
DOWNLOAD                                                                                                                                  DOWNLOAD
TokenPay Windows Wallet                                                                                                                   TokenPay MAC OS X   Wallet
DOWNLOAD                                                                                                                                  DOWNLOAD
TokenPay Linux Wallet                                                                                                                     TokenPay Paper Wallet
In order for TokenPay coin holders to take advantage of all of these security
features they must download the TokenPay wallet.
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   39




TOKENPAY BRANDED PAPER WALLET AND KEY GENERATOR
While the various TPAY digital wallets define the pinnacle of advanced
security protocol, many still consider the paper wallet’s cold storage system to
be the most heavily guarded digital token cache. In a literal sense, the
TokenPay Paper Wallet is a physical document that contains all of the
necessary data that is required to generate the essential TPAY private key. This
can be the most secure way of storing TPAY because the wallet is not exposed
to malware. It can be stored in a private safe.
The private key is generated by the user on the highly secure TokenPay server.
It is recommended that users disconnect from the internet when in the
process of generating a private key. This way the paper wallet generator is
considered to be truly self-contained and the keys are not being transmitted
online. TokenPay regularly audits and verifies the integrity of the client-side
private key generator that it offers on its website.
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   40




LICENSED INTERNATIONAL BANK INTEGRATION
Although the TPAY core is defined by the blockchain, there also exists a
uniquely critical banking element. TokenPay has acquired an equity stake in
Germany-based WEG Bank AG. This banking relationship allows TokenPay to
warm up banking regulators to the crypto space. As TokenPay wants to cater
to cryptocurrency customers by tailoring the compliance department around
this theme, this is a crucial first step.
The creation of a bank that is fully committed to customers with
cryptocurrencies is utopian. TokenPay intends to offer traditional banking
services with regulatory oversight and fiduciary status. AML and KYC
procedures will apply the same, as with customers who use fiat currencies.
TokenPay plans to operate in the Hong Kong dollar which is pegged to the
USD. Most desirable is the partnership or acquisition of a bank that has many
of the existing correspondent banking relationships that are necessary to
transact in major currencies.
Benefits of Acquiring a Bank
International Wire
Capabilities
Widely
Accepted
Debit Card
Privacy
Focused
Jurisdiction
Multi currency
Transactions
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   41




Stable Banking Jurisdiction
Germany is the gold standard in European banking and financial services.
Originally, TokenPay planned to acquire a bank in Vanuatu. However, TokenPay
was approached by WEG Bank AG, because they were interested in offering
FinTech solutions that would align themselves with this new digital economy.
Because of this, TokenPay immediately sought to form a deeper partnership
with the idea of an eventual acquisition of the bank following the necessary
regulatory approval.
In May 2018, TokenPay officially closed a deal with WEG Bank, acquiring a
9.9% equity interest, with the option to acquire an additional 80.1% upon
customary regulatory approval.
This deal allows TokenPay to position itself as the crypto-market leader in
merchant settlement services, in particular for those merchants that are not
satisfied with traditional high processing fees and stringent compliance issues.
Merchants can accept cryptocurrencies as payment, and through an
integration with WEG Bank, receive fiat settlements directly to their bank
account.
Furthermore, through this alliance with WEG Bank, TokenPay will be able to
issue private label debit cards. Crypto communities, such as Litecoin and
Verge, can offer a Litecoin or Verge debit card, where you can actually use it
for everyday purchases, and have access to a global ATM network.
The above image of TokenPay Bank is for illustration purposes only.
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   42




INTERNATIONAL MULTI-CURRENCY CRYPTO DEBIT CARD
The concept behind the fully integrated BlueDiamond debit card is that it will
be easy to load given its direct connection to the TokenPay digital wallets.
Therefore, spending can be done virtually or at any point-of-sale merchant
either online or in person. Additionally, the international debit card allows
instant access to multi-currency funds at network automated teller machines.
Transparent pricing and low fees make the BlueDiamond debit card a very
attractive mechanism for cashing out digital coins to enable hard asset
purchases.
A user’s digital coins like TPAY or Bitcoin can be accessed whenever needed
thanks to the closed-end real-time private exchange that will be part of the
TokenPay banking platform. Accordingly, there is no need for the user to have
to convert exact quantities of digital coins to conduct a fiat transaction.
This will allow TokenPay clients the ability to maintain unfettered access to
cash at thousands of automated teller machines worldwide and millions of
physical and online merchants.
It is important to note that the Mastercard logo on the BlueDiamond card
rendering is the intellectual property of Mastercard International. Furthermore,
TokenPay does not have any deal currently in place with Mastercard or any
other credit or debit card provider. The intention is that TokenPay will enter
into a card services relationship with either Mastercard or Visa. TokenPay
intends to aggressively pursue opportunities to directly engage in a business
relationship with a major debit card provider.
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   43




TokenPay BlueDiamond Cardholder Benefits
TOKENPAY BLUE DIAMOND CARD                                                                                                                USD
Physical card issuing fee                                                                                                                 $15
Virtual card issuing and Annual fee                                                                                                       Free
Physical card Annual fee                                                                                                                  Free ($10 if less $1,000 yearly spend)
Domestic and Foreign exchange fee                                                                                                         Free
ATM withdrawal in domestic currency                                                                                                       0%
ATM withdrawal in other currency                                                                                                          $3
Shipping of physical card                                                                                                                 $5
ATM withdrawal in other currency                                                                                                          3 to 4 Weeks
Expedited shipping                                                                                                                        $70
Low Cardholder Fees:
TokenPay will provide some of the lowest fees in the industry to
make sure owning and using the BlueDiamond card is
competitive.
Global ATM Access:
With the BlueDiamond card you will be allowed to access ATM’s
all over the world. TokenPay understand that crypto holders are
the most well-travelled in the world.
Real-time Conversion:
When transactions are made via the BlueDiamond card it will
automatically convert to the currency of the merchant.
Multi-currency Support:
TokenPay will allow transactions in cryptocurrency and fiat
linked to the BlueDiamond card. Users will be able to setup a
default currency
Blue Diamond Card Purchase Rewards:
All transactions paid with TPAY will receive a 1% “crypto-back”
reward.
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   44




PAYMENT PROCESSING SERVICES FOR ONLINE MERCHANTS
TokenPay's merchant services division offers businesses around the world the
opportunity to transact with TPAY as well as other cryptocurrencies. All of this
is possible with the integration of our planned bank and exchange to provide
liquidity. Businesses will have the flexibility to convert crypto to fiat. Also, fees
for merchants will be as low as 0.25%. Merchants accepting TPAY will save
more than 90% from traditional merchant service options.
Industry Low Transactions:
Merchants today pay up to 5% a sale to receive payments via a
debit or credit card. TokenPay’s merchant services will allow
merchants to accept TPAY coins for free for the first 1 year   and
then an industry low 0.25% per transaction with no monthly fees.
Daily Cash Settlements:
Cash is king and businesses that sign up with TokenPay will be
able to receive daily cash settlements.
Customizable Branded Checkout:
TokenPay will make it easy and simple to not only integrate your
existing shipping cart given the API’s or plugins we will have
available for you to select.
Point to Click Integration:
Once the API has been integrated with your business consumers
will simply see a checkout button ready to make the transaction as
seamless as possible.
Advanced Security Protocols:
TokenPay will be using the highest ECC encryption available to
assure your business that will protect your wallet from hacking.
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   45




Functionality within TokenPay Banking Ecosystem
MERCHANT SERVICES                                                                ACCOUNT SERVICES
Aggressive merchant onboarding                                                   Zero-fee bank account linked
and promotion driven by a                                                        international debit card can be
special zero-fee offer on                                                        used at all ATMs worldwide with
transaction processing designed                                                  real-time currency exchange
to drive increased TPAY                                                          capabilities along with the ability
denominated payment activity in                                                  to earn cash back rewards in
e-commerce stores.                                                               TPAY.
HIGH DEMAND AND RAPIDLY GROWING MARKET OPPORTUNITY
Consider the core tenants of the TokenPay proposition. That is, there has been
a significant growth in the number of unique active users of cryptocurrency
wallets. It is estimated that currently there are between 2.9 million and 5.8
million unique users actively using a cryptocurrency wallet. This figure has
significantly increased since 2013. However, the Cambridge University study
quotes that the estimation of the total number of active wallets does not
include users whose exchange accounts serve as their de facto wallet to store
cryptocurrency, nor users from payment service providers or other platforms
that enable the storage of cryptocurrency. In other words, the total number of
active cryptocurrency users is likely considerably higher than the estimate of
unique active wallet users.
6m
5.8m
5.5m
5m
4.8m
4.5m
4.3m
4m
3.5m
3.5m
3m                                                                               2.9m                                  2.9m
2.5m
2m                                                                                                                     2m
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 1.4m
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        2.1m
1.5m
                                                                                 1.3m                                  1.3m
1m
                                                                                 0.8m                                                                                                                                                                            0.7m
0.5m                                                                                                                   0.5m
                                                                                 0.3m
0m
                                                                                 2013                                  2014                                                                                                                                      2015   2016          2017 YTD
                                                                                 Lower Bound                           Mid Point                                                                                                                                        Upper Bound
                                                                                                                       University of Cambridge - Judge Business School - 2017 Global Cryptocurrency Benchmarking Study
                                                                                                                       © 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.                                   46




Bitcoin Substantially Dominates the Cryptocurrency Market
TPAY is entirely based on the omnipresent Bitcoin. In a large, global survey by
the University of Cambridge, all 51 exchanges surveyed listed Bitcoin. The
second most popular, Ether, is far behind being listed on only 43% of all
exchanges. As well, Bitcoin is the most widely used payment rail for
cross-border transactions.
% of Exchanges Supporting the Listed Cryptocurrencies
Bitcoin (BTC)                                                                                                                                                                              100%
Ether (ETH)                                                                                                                                                 43%
Litecoin (EIH)                                                                                                                                        35%
Ripple (XRP)                                                                                                                                    16%
Ether Classic (ETC)                                                                                                                       14%
Monero (XMR)                                                                                                                              12%
DASH                                                                                                                                      10%
Dogecoin (DOGE)                                                                                                                           10%
Other                                                                                                                                           18%
                                                                                                                                          10    20    30    40    50   60   70   80   90   100
3%
3%
Ripple
Traditional payment
network
8%
Other
86%
Bitcoin
University of Cambridge - Judge Business School - 2017 Global Cryptocurrency Benchmarking Study
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   47




Licensed and Regulated Wallet and Exchange
TokenPay intends to offer private exchange services under the custody of a
regulated and licensed bank. Each cryptocurrency has a reference
implementation that includes basic wallet functionality (e.g., Bitcoin Core for
Bitcoin, Mist browser for Ethereum). However, a multitude of wallet providers
have emerged in recent years to facilitate the storage of cryptocurrencies and
make wallets easier to use. Market data show that most wallets in small
exchanges are licensed. However, most of the wallets on large exchanges are
not licensed.
35%
48%                                                                                               52%   License
65%
No License
Small Exchanges    Large Exchanges
University of Cambridge - Judge Business School - 2017 Global Cryptocurrency Benchmarking Study
Bitcoin is the most supported crypto currency in wallets, followed by Litecoin,
Ether and Dogecoin. Wallets continue to support more and more different
crypto currencies: 31% of wallets that currently only support storing a single
cryptocurrency indicate that the current roadmap includes offering support
for more cryptocurrencies. 78% of multi-currency wallets plan to also add
more cryptocurrencies to current offerings.
% of Wallet Sample Supporting the Listed Cryptocurrencies
Bitcoin (BTC)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                96%
Ether (ETH)                                                                                             23%
Litecoin (EIH)                                                                                          23%
Ripple (XRP)                                                                                            23%
Ether Classic (ETC)                                                                               8%
Monero (XMR)                                                                                      8%
DASH                                                                                              4%
Dogecoin (DOGE)                                                                                   4%
Other                                                                                                   19%
                                                                                                  10    20                                                                                                                                        30                                                                                                40   50   60   70   80   90    100
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  University of Cambridge - Judge Business School - 2017 Global Cryptocurrency Benchmarking Study
                                                                                                        © 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.                                                                                                                                          48




Fully Linked International BlueDiamond Debit Card
TokenPay will offer a debit card linked to the wallet. This is feature found only
in one out of five wallets. Furthermore, TokenPay will have a bank backed
infrastructure for the issuance, management and custody of the debit cards.
% of Wallet Providers Supporting the Listed Cryptocurrencies
Integrated currency exchange                                                                                                                                                                                                                                52%
Linked credit card                                                                                                                              20%
Key recovery service                                                                                                                            16%
O-fee off-chain transactions                                                                                                                    16%
Send via e-mail                                                                                                                                 16%
Linked debit card                                                                                                                         12%
Insurance                                                                                                                                 8%
O-fee on-chain transactions                                                                                                               8%
Send via SMS                                                                                                                              8%
Integrated mixing service                                                                                                                 8%
                                                                                                                                          10    20                                                                                                30   40   50    60   70   80   90   100
                                                                                                                                                University of Cambridge - Judge Business School - 2017 Global Cryptocurrency Benchmarking Study
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   49




TokenPay is Asia-Pacific (APAC) Focused
The APAC region is embracing cryptocurrencies at a rapid pace. Exchanges
domiciled in this part of the world account for 27% of the market. This is
second only to European domicile exchanges. The number of APAC based
exchanges exceeds the North American count by a wide margin.
Cryptocurrency Exchange Locations
Africa & Middle East
North America                                                                                                                             Asia-Pacific
4%
18%
27%
14%
Latin America
37%
Europe
University of Cambridge - Judge Business School - 2017 Global Cryptocurrency Benchmarking Study
Market Data Supports Strong APAC Cryptocurrency Trends
Market data also provides reliable insight into the strength of the APAC region
as the logical choice for the first crypto-friendly bank. If users are segmented
by type of payment activities, the data indicates that money transfer services
are most popular in the APAC region. As well, B2B payment platforms are
mostly used by customers based in APAC and Latin America. Findings also
suggest that companies engaged in cryptocurrency focused activities
maintain a more international customer base. For example, the majority of
general purpose cryptocurrency platform activity is concentrated in APAC.
That consists of 37% of all user activity. Money transfer services are
predominantly APAC based, accounting for 82% of all user activity.
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   50




Asia-Pacific Market Share in Financial Service Industry
13%
14%
4%
35%
                                                                                                                                          38%
82%
                                                                                                                                          14%
Money transfer services                                                                                                                   B2B payments
                                                                                                                                          6%
6%  7%
                                                                                                                                          10%
36%                                                                                                                                       37%
20%                                                                                                                                       18%
31%                                                                                                                                       29%
Merchant services                                                                                                                         General-purpose
                                                                                                                                          cryptocurrency platform
Asia-Pacific                                                                                                                              Europe                                                                                            Latin America
North America                                                                                                                             Africa & Middle East
                                                                                                                                          University of Cambridge - Judge Business School - 2017 Global Cryptocurrency Benchmarking Study
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   51




TOKENPAY PROJECT ROADMAP
2015 Q4
eFin.com Beta version of platform                                                                                                         2016 Q2
launched Fall 2015
Partnership with USTOCKTRADE and
London Stock Exchange’s Tony
Weersinghe
Feature presentation at MIT Fintech
2016 Q4                                                                                                                                   Conference
Owing to overwhelming user demand
                                                                                                                                          2017 Q1
for blockchain assets, founders shifted
focus to cryptocurrency technology
                                                                                                                                          Onboard world-class dev team to build
Established corporate headquarters in                                                                                                     a more secure and untraceable version
the privacy-focused jurisdiction of the                                                                                                   of Bitcoin
British Virgin Island                                                                                                                     Proprietary Tor network coin
                                                                                                                                          technology integration
2017 Q2                                                                                                                                   Created Stealth Address and
                                                                                                                                          Encrypted Messaging system
Launched Multi-Signature Transaction
Engine
2017 Q3
Released Linux, Windows, macOS and
Paper Wallets                                                                                                                             Agreed to acquire an established bank
                                                                                                                                          Added Ring Signature feature to TPAY
2017 Q4                                                                                                                                   blockchain
                                                                                                                                          Zero-Knowledge Proof advanced
Release Whitepaper of TokenPay
                                                                                                                                          automation added
Token Sale
                                                                                                                                          2018 Q1
2018 Q2                                                                                                                                   Add TPAY to notable exchanges
                                                                                                                                          TPAY Apple iOS Mobile Wallet
TokenPay website launched for
                                                                                                                                          Complete due diligence of Bank
commercial use.
Integration
Complete acquisition or partnership of
Bank.
P2P multi-screen payment platform.
Global merchant services application                                                                                                      2018 Q3 OR Q4
available.
BlueDiamond debit card ships to
account holders
2019
TokenPay Bank to expand to new
regions within APAC
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   52




TEAM
Derek Capo                                                                                                                                Carlos Salazar
CEO                                                                                                                                       CTO
Derek is a former hedge fund                                                                                                              Carlos is a cyber security expert
analyst who most recently                                                                                                                 with experience managing IT for
served as VP of International at                                                                                                          large international gaming
RoboTerra. He has a finance                                                                                                               clients. He studied Chemical
degree from FIU and has                                                                                                                   Engineering at UCR.
completed advanced Chinese
studies.
Joseph Pacetti, CPA                                                                                                                       John Singh, MBA
CFO                                                                                                                                       CMO
Joseph is a compliance expert                                                                                                             John has developed marketing
with significant Mergers and                                                                                                              campaigns for several global
Acquisitions experience. He is a                                                                                                          automotive brands with the
Certified Public Account who                                                                                                              objective of building social
holds a Masters Degree in                                                                                                                 engagement. He has an
Accounting from FIU.                                                                                                                      International MBA from FIU.
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   53




Senen Garcia, JD & MBA                                                                                                                    Aaron Tian
GENERAL COUNSEL                                                                                                                           APPLICATION DEVELOPER
Senen is a corporate lawyer with                                                                                                          Aaron is a fullstack commercial
15 years of experience                                                                                                                    software developer buidling
specializing in forensic tax issues.                                                                                                      internal applications for
He holds a JD and MBA from St.                                                                                                            companies like Rakuten, Veeva
Thomas University.                                                                                                                        and App Annie.
Laurance Gerges                                                                                                                           Vlad Turtoi
SENIOR UX/UI DESIGNER                                                                                                                     AUTOMATION DEVELOPER
Laurance is a top tier graphic                                                                                                            Vlad is an end-to-end product
designer and web developer                                                                                                                developer with full stack
with   nearly a decade of                                                                                                                 engineering capabilities. He
experience in UX/UI/front-end                                                                                                             specializes in developing
development and 3D print                                                                                                                  complex AI enterprise solutions.
design.
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   54




ADVISORS
Sunerok - Verge Currency (XVG)
Carlos Arraya
BLOCKCHAIN AUDIT
LEGAL ADVISOR
Sunerok is the Lead Developer
Carlos is a compliance specialist
of the Verge Cryptocurrency. It
experienced in AML,
is a secure, anonymous and
international banking, trusts and
heavily traded privacy coin that
global acquisitions. He is a
has been widely adopted by
licensed attorney and Bar
crypto enthusiasts.
Association committee Director.
Charles Moscoe                                                                                                                            Elizabeth Vrettos
STRATEGY ADVISOR                                                                                                                          AUDIT ADVISOR
Charles is a technology investor                                                                                                          Elizabeth is a manager and
with over 20 years of                                                                                                                     expert in Forensics with
experience in internet                                                                                                                    PricewaterhouseCoopers. She
commerce. He has funded                                                                                                                   specializes in investigations of
several fintech startups                                                                                                                  bribery, corruption, fraud and
including investFeed, a popular                                                                                                           due diligence procedures
crypto   social network.                                                                                                                  throughout LATAM.
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   55




Subir Lohani
                                                                                                                                          Joseph Ricard
APAC COMMERCE ADVISOR
                                                                                                                                          ECOMMERCE ADVISOR
Subir is the Chief Growth
                                                                                                                                          Bachelors in Information
Officer for PayPro Indonesia, a
                                                                                                                                          Technology. Ran a publicly
leading e-wallet company. He is
                                                                                                                                          traded incubator. Launched or
a former Barclays investment
                                                                                                                                          advised 20 tech startups, in 5
banker and holds a degree in
                                                                                                                                          countries. Background in APIs,
Economics from Boston
                                                                                                                                          Big Data, and Blockchain.
University.
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   56




CONCLUSION
While the use of cryptocurrency is sharply rising there clearly exists a critical
problem with mass adoption. It is a victim of its success. While cryptocurrency
is essentially designed to be the catalyst for democratizing money, the
production, supply, and use of it is highly fragmented. There is no central
government or bank control. Therefore, the currency cannot be inflated or
deflated. Typical fiat money supply can be largely manipulated without any
consultation. There is a seemingly unlimited proliferation of digital coins. As
well, relatively lax regulations and the obscure nature of some digital coin
issuers is driving extreme pricing unpredictability.
The greed of early-stage investors has also contributed to this volatility. For
instance, since the inception of cryptocurrency exchanges coin values have
been erratic. These sudden price spikes and drops can cause havoc on regular
money services. All of this affects the ability of a coin to be properly utilized
for remittance, currency conversion and at ATMs. When a cryptocurrency
holder requires fiat to fund meaningful financial activity, they are faced with
exorbitant fees. Additionally, a hostile bank client onboarding and compliance
process remains challenging. Despite what the promoters say, there is no
reliable way to use cryptocurrency. For example, Bitcoin ATMs can charge up
to 15% just to convert to fiat currency. This defeats the original purpose of
cryptocurrencies, which was to offer a cheaper and more flexible alternative to
other payment methods. With no advantage over government-printed money,
why would an ordinary person use it?
Reversing the paradigm, banks must operate in a compliant and consumer
protective mode that is driven by massive regulatory oversight and fiduciary
status. A customer is not able to simply show up with a cryptocurrency wallet
and convert the holdings to a widely usable country issued currency. And the
idea of conducting a hard asset transaction for instance with cryptocurrency is
simply not one that any bank in the world is equipped to process. The problem
is that any size transaction with cryptocurrency is immediately flagged as
fraudulent. It is nearly impossible to make larger purchases such as a car,
house or even school tuition. Issuesrelated to AML, KYC and general regulatory
compliance are only a few to consider when accepting and   accommodating
such a scenario. There is a systemic and reputation risk that must be
mitigated. Banks have been known to close the accounts without warning of
those transacting in cryptocurrencies.
It seems like every time a new token or coin is being issued into the market
there is this flawed assumption that full convertibility and liquidity is
guaranteed. This is not only false, but it is completely the opposite of what is
the case. Today’s crypto system is beginning to replicate the pre-crisis
financial system. That is, banks being able to receive any amount of official
liquidity at will. As long as the institution had acceptable assets to pledge at
the central bank of course. For everything else, such as self-created assets,
there was the wholesale funding market. Many of these assets were self-valued
at entirely fantastical rates. When the wholesale market froze up, only the
central bank had the capacity to support it. But there is no central bank to bail
out cryptocurrencies. So, consumerism and utility of cryptocurrencies must
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   57




live up to the standards of fiat currency. That is, not only be easy to obtain, but
also to be able to create, store, share, use, trade, exchange, transfer and
convert seamlessly to fiat. Only then does the cryptocurrency have real-life
utility driven by the ability to purchase actual things.
The major question remains. Is there a way around this? Can the
cryptocurrency world meet the fiat world? There are Bitcoin debit cards, like
Wirex, Xapo, bitwala and more. But this is only half the battle. There still exists
critical banking obstacles that prevent the exchange of cryptocurrency to fiat.
So, why not reverse the journey, and have the banking world meet the crypto
world half way? In a nutshell this is the central premise of TokenPay. The goal
is to create the world’s first bank that truly understands and embraces
cryptocurrency activity. This bank will allow customers the ability to convert
cryptocurrencies to fiat to enable the purchase of hard assets. This is a bank
that will inevitably cater to the crypto community in a vertically integrated
fashion; from consumer accounts to merchant processing. It all starts with a
banking relationship. This is why TokenPay’s first step was to acquire a bank.
Customers can store cryptocurrency in insured wallets - as it will be fully
backed by a licensed and bonded banking institution. The ability to convert to
fiat currency in real-time is conducted on the bank's private closed-end
exchange. Current market data indicates that the majority of transactions are
national to cryptocurrencies and vice versa. Traditional banking services are on
top. These include a debit card that is in fiat currency tied to the bank. All of
these are ways to proliferate use and adoption of the banking services.
Undoubtedly, debit cards are heavily used in the fiat world. A debit card is tied
to a bank account based on fiat currency. The debit cards issued by the
cryptocurrency driven bank will be tied to a wallet and a virtual card. The
private exchange enables seamless and fluid conversions and transactions. The
merchant services appeal is that businesses can accept cryptocurrencies. The
objective is the creation of a complete end-to-end solution for decentralized
payments and banking.
The TPAY digital token is intended to be fully integrated into to the Tor
encrypted banking platform and be used as a secure and unbreakable form of
exchange for products and services. Ultimately, the expectation is that
TokenPay will become the global platform for simplifying and rapidly
executing cryptocurrency to intrinsic value capital transactions.
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   58




ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
TokenPay would like to first and foremost thank Satoshi Nakamoto for creating
Bitcoin. The TPAY digital token is substantially a Tor-based ultra secure version
of Bitcoin that is based on a proven and reliable infrastructure. Core
fundamental TPAY code is heavily influenced by the work of privacy coins
such as ShadowCash, Verge, BlackCoin and Peercoin. Backbone cryptographic
coding was driven by Verge’s lead developer, Sunerok. Furthermore, the
project itself was made possible by Huntingdon Investment Corp. A critical
partner in the TokenPay platform, Huntingdon has been an amazingly
supportive backer.
This whitepaper greatly benefited from the dedicated research conducted by
artificial intelligence expert Dr. Yannis Kalfoglou. His work on the
conceptualization of the financial automation platform has proved to be
insurmountable and literally everlasting. Finally, thanks goes out to the Bitcoin
community for its proactive development and unbridled passion for leading
the disruption of the existing primitive and fragmented centralized method of
factitious monetary policy. TokenPay is a proud Lifetime Member of the Bitcoin
Foundation and optimistic that theTPAY digital token will quickly become an
integral component of the global banking system.
CONTACT
Wickhams Cay 2
Road Town, Tortola
British Virgin Islands
www.tokenpay.com
Team@TokenPay.com
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   59




REFERENCES
A framework for Unique Ring Signatures M.Franklin, H.Zhang, Mar’17
Anonymous Crypto Currency: Stealth Address, Ring Singatures, Monero -
Comparison to Zero Cash N.Courtois, Dec’16
Ring Signatures: Stronger Definitions, and Constructions without Random
Oracles A.Bender, J.Katz, R.Morselli, 2002
Central BankDigital Currency and the Future of Monetary Policy M.Bordo,
A.Levin, May’17
Zero Knowledge Protocols” E.Biham, 2011
A Primer on Zero Knowledge Protocols G.Simari, Jun’02
Laws and Regulations Vanuatu   Financial Services Commission,   2017
Understanding Monero Cryptography - Stealth Addresses 2016
The Trend Towards Blockchain Privacy: Zero Knowledge Proofs Coindesk,
G.Samman, Sept’16
Understanding Zero Knowledge Blockchains Multichain, G.Greenspan,
Non’16
Tor at the Heart: Cryptocurrencies Dec’16
A Research Survey of Ring Signature Scheme and Implementation Issues
F.A.Alahmari, T.A.Alqarni, J.Kar, IJSIA, Nov’16
What the Bitfinex Hack Means for Bitcoin MultiSig Security Coindesk,
A.Hertig, Aug’16
What’s Keeping Cryptocurrencies from Mass Adoption? TechCrunch,
N.Haran, Apr’17
Addressing Crypto-assets’ Liquidity TN.Lee, Kyber network, Jul’17
Global Cryptocurrency Benchmark Study G.Hileman, M.Rauch, Cambridge
University, Feb’17
How to Leak a Secret R.Rivest, A.Shamir, Y.Tauman. In Advances in
Cryptology - ASIACRYPT   2001, pages 552-565. Springer,   2001.
University of Cambridge - Judge Business School 2017 Global
Cryptocurrency Benchmarking Study
© 2017, TokenPay.com or its affiliates | TPAY is a utility coin used in the TokenPay platform. Purchase does not constitute investment.   60





