TrueChain
——New Generation Hybrid Consensus
permissionless blockchain
White Paper
TrueChAin  初链                       www.truechAin.pro




Abstract
The mission of the TrueChain——to create a permissionless blockchain that will carry the
future commercial decentralized applications.
The  vision  of  the  TrueChain——to  become  a  blockchain  infrastructure  that  affects  a
hundred years.
The TrueChain focuses on building a free, open, safe, efficient and easy-to-use blockchain
technology  infrastructure,  and  building  a  blockchain  economy  operating  system  commercial
infrastructure.
It is the demand of the times and the dream of TrueChain to create a permissionless
blockchain that will carry the future commercial decentralized applications. Based on the hybrid
consensus mechanism, TrueChain aims to provide high-speed point-to-point communication,
value transfer and to build the infrastructures of smart contract for the society.
The ultimate goal of decentralization is to create a society of free and mutual trust . Thanks
to the effort of permissionless blockchain projects like Etherum, permissionless blockchain has
developed significantly for the past few years, and the commercialization of digital currency and
smart contracts has become possible. Prior to this, some private chain and alliance chain have
been  successfully  applied,  which  raised  people’s  expectations  for  permissionless  blockchain
developers. It is hoped that the arrival of the commercial permissionless blockchain can solve the
practical problems, such as the high cost of digital payment, smart contract and so on. However,
what differs the permissionless blockchain at heart from the private and alliance chain is that the
design of the consensus mechanism needs to ensure that the unfamiliar and scale extending
nodes  can  build  trust  between  each  other  through  technical  means  and  accomplish  tasks
together,  meanwhile,  to  ensure  the  stable  and  efficient  operation  of  the  permissionless
blockchain. It is difficult for most of the existing consensus mechanism design to achieve a good
balance  between  security  and  performance.  The  dilemma  between  decentralized  decision-
making and administrative efficiency had plagued the permissionless blockchain developers.
TrueChain hopes to keep the essence of decentralization while improving efficiency as much
as possible simultaneously. The emergence of the hybrid consensus mechanism which combined
POW with PBFT brings a ray of dawn to the solution of the problem.
TrueChAin  初链                                                                                          www.truechAin.pro




Contents
I Strength...                                                   ... 4
Support entry of infinite nodes...                              ... 4
Safety...                                                       . 4
High performance...                                             ... 5
Free use...                                                     ... 5
II Technical architecture...                                    . 5
Hybrid consensus mechanism...                                   .. 6
III TrueChain community autonomy to build a common economy...   .. 8
IV Applications...                                              .8
Insurance...                                                    . 8
Medical care...                                                 .. 9
Game...                                                         ...10
Public welfare...                                               . 11
Asset Securitization...                                         . 12
Digital advertising industry...                                 ..12
Micropayments...                                                ..13
Value transmission...                                           .. 13
Digital copyright...                                            .14
Other application scenarios...                                  .14
V Product matrix...                                             ..14
TrueChAin  初链                                                   www.truechAin.pro




VI Token Economy...                               .. 15
VII Team Introduction...                          .. 16
Research and Core Engineering...                  .16
M. S. In computer science, Oxford University...   ... 16
First Prize, DoraHacks Autumn@Xi An 2017...       .. 16
Community developers...                           . 17
Community and development...                      ...17
Consultant team...                                ... 18
VIII Development route map...                     ... 19
X Investment institutions...                      ... 19
Statement...                                      ... 20
TrueChAin  初链                                     www.truechAin.pro




I Strength
Support entry of infinite nodes
For commercial applications such as Internet e-commerce, instant messaging software, and
bilateral trading platforms, supporting large-scale and increasing number of users is a must-to-
have ability for the permissionless blockchain in order to successfully carry the applications on
the  chain  .  The  communication  complexity  of  PBFT  determines  that  nodes  participating  in
decision making can only be kept in a very limited range, while POW, of which  one of the
characteristics is its ability to accept unlimited nodes. The combination of the two, namely PBFT
and POW can make up for the disadvantages respectively.
Safety
Because there is no guarantee in PBFT mechanism that all nodes participate in decision-
making, there are relatively strong moral hazard and security risks. A small number of nodes'
inaction or downtime may result in data tampering of other nodes or full chain paralysis. On the
basis of POW, a hybrid consensus mechanism for the election of PBFT committed members is
designed  to  ensure  timely  re-election  of  the  PBFT  committed  members  and  monitor  the
backbone nodes in real time.
High performance
The timely recording of user transactions is a guarantee for the availability and security of
the  permissionless  blockchain.  The  communication  efficiency  of  PBFT  backbone  nodes  is
sufficient to support 10000-100000 TPS (transactions per second). It is possible to ensure that
the whole chain communication is not blocked while multiple smart contracts or commercial
applications  process  transactions  at  the  same  time,  and  the  ledger  accurately  records  the
transactions in chronological order.
Free use
Whether it is the initial test network or the future main network Stellar, TrueChain will
remain open to all users free of charge. TrueChain always considers that the permissionless
blockchain is an infrastructure for all users, not a profit making tool. TrueChain provides chances
to find an appropriate source of benefit for not only the chain itself in the future, but also for the
development of permissionless blockchain, or even the whole block chain industry.
II Technical architecture
The technical framework of TrueChain is divided into four layers from bottom to top:The
first layer is the underlying service, which includes the P2P network, the LevelDB database, the
cryptographic algorithm, and the shard optimization. The second is the core layer, including the
blockchain module, the TRUE module, and the consensus algorithm module. The third is the API
interface layer, including the TVM virtual machine and gRPC communication protocol.the fourth
TrueChAin  初链                                                                                            www.truechAin.pro




layer is the smart contract.
For the specific  design, please refer to the yellow book  or GitHub open source  code:
https://github.com/truechain.
Hybrid consensus mechanism
The design of consensus mechanism is the core difference between the permissionless
blockchain and the private chain and the alliance chain. It needs to be decentralized enough to
achieve security, and fast enough to ensure performance. The industry has basically formed the
understanding that it is difficult to balance the essence of decentralization and efficiency only
with single consensus mechanism. In order to make up for the shortcomings of the previous two
generations  of  block  chain,  i.e.  Bitcoin  and  Etherum,  of  which  TPS  are  too  low.  This  has
prevented them from commercial application development in real world, TrueChain selected a
hybrid consensus mechanism combining the efficiency of PBFT with the decentralization of POW.
On the basis of guaranteeing the essence of decentralization, a permissionless blockchain with
high performance and high reliability can be realized to carry out the target of large-scale
commercial Dapps operation on the chain.
There are two most commonly known solutions of distributed protocol : Pow and PBFT.
POW solution, represented by bitcoin, has been proved to be difficult to meet the need of
TrueChAin  初链                                                                                             www.truechAin.pro




transaction processing speed; the other is PBFT solution represented by a large number   of
private chains and alliance chains, which can efficiently deal with a large number of transactions.
However, the PBFT solution requires that many nodes participating in the bookkeeping to trust
each other, so the nodes have to know each other before the agreement can take effect. There is
no  doubt  that  when  applying  backbone  nodes  which  records  all  transactions  to  the
permissionless blockchain architecture, a huge moral hazard exists. Establishing a consensus
mechanism of efficient mutual trust in the permissionless blockchain has become a worldwide
Challenge .
The solution of TrueChain is taken by combining the two. Keeping the mechanism of PBFT
remained, the selection of backbone nodes is open to the permissionless blockchain, and the
POW protocol is used as the dynamic selection and agreement of the quasi-system to support
the backbone nodes. The establishment of the backbone nodes community converted the nature
of the chain from private and alliance to permissionless blockchain.
fPoW
fPoW is a brand new mining design concept. The Truechain uses the Fruit Chain design to
ensure the fairness of all participants during the mining process.
In the mining process, PBFT produces large blocks, and the fruit chain is responsible for dividing
the  large  blocks  into  several  fruits.  These  fruits  have  a  shelf  life,  and  several  transaction
information  is  recorded  in  each  fruit.  Ordinary  mining  can  only  be  used  to  verify  these
transaction information, without the need to invest a lot of mining equipment, power and
bandwidth,the design concept of a light node in a fruit chain allows ordinary participants to use
ordinary computers, even using mobile phones to achieve mining.
The biggest feature of the fruit chain is fairness and reliability, , which solves the problems of
25% of attacks in the common PoW consensus algorithm,the problem of joint mining of large
mining pools and unstable transaction fees and so on.
Shard optimization
The idea of fragmentation of the Truechain is to divide the world state of the blockchain
into different "slices". Each "slice" is processed by a different PBFT committee, and turn serial
processing into parallel processing to achieve a significant performance boost.
Smart contract
Smart contract layer is a key step in the application of consensus mechanism. The operation
of smart contracts must rely on the completion of virtual machines to ensure that unified smart
contracts  can  compute  in  different  environments  and  reach  the  same  results.  TrueChain
inherited the design idea of EVM, and launched TVM on PBFT. TVM will be implanted into each
backbone node, enabling them to invoke requests based on individual requirements.
Easy Dapp
TrueChAin  初链                                                                                                 www.truechAin.pro




Easy Dapp is an easy-to-use Dapp development framework.
Ordinary developers no longer need to pay attention to complex technology stacks. They
don't need to understand the complex technology implementation of blockchains, and  they
don't need to deploy complete blockchains. They only need to refer to this development
framework and call standard interface functions. Running on a TVM virtual machine,can develop
and deploy a decentralized Dapp application very quickly.
III  TrueChain community autonomy to build a common
economy
Byzantine & DAO everyone is self-governing, all share and all work together to build an
economic system.
The Byzantine Committee is responsible for day-to-day management operations; the DAO
Committee is responsible for oversight. It is a community autonomy structure based on mutual
cooperation and mutual constraints.
The TrueChain Byzantine Committee is divided into the Developer Committee, the Market Media
Committee, and the Token User Community Committee. Responsible for the operation of the
three major aspects of the TrueChain economy, these members are elected by DAO.Among them,
the Developer Committee is responsible for the recruitment of global developers, the evolution
of the TRUE technology route, reviewing the quality of the code, and stimulating based on the
contribution of each developer;The Market Media Committee is responsible for developing the
True Media promotion strategy and recruiting media from around the world to participate in the
promotion of True and to develop relevant incentives to motivate the contributing media;The
Token  community  committee  is  responsible  for  developing  community  outreach  and
maintenance  strategies  and  developing  incentives  for  True  users  who  contribute  to  the
community.
The DAO Committee is a decentralized organization that represents the interests of the
widest range of community holders.The organization exercises voting rights, supervisory powers,
and voting rights on major proposals, and all holders automatically become members of the DAO
committee.
IV Applications
Insurance
Insurance is also a field that can be put into force for TrueChain. The integration of block
chain and insurance industry really promote the development of insurance to automatic claims.
The  intelligent  contracts  under  the  block  chain  can  automatically  make  claims  when   the
triggering conditions occur, skip cumbersome steps of traditional claims and avoid possible moral
hazard. Agricultural insurance has always been a difficult area for insurance to be involved in,
because the grain output is affected by many natural and human factors. It is difficult to retain
the evidence, so it is difficult for farmers to understand and accept agricultural risks. If the sensor
is used to measure the weather conditions such as temperature, humidity, wind speed and so on,
TrueChAin  初链                                                                                             www.truechAin.pro




the automatic claim is triggered when the condition is reached, and the low cost, rapid and
standardized claim will  be realized by the characteristics of automatic completion and non-
tampering of the smart contract. The same can be applied to aircraft delay risk. By calling   the
airline or the airport public interface, the smart contract automatically determines whether
the flight is delayed and the cause of the delay is determined, thereby automatically triggering
the claim. When the flight is delayed, passengers can be at least compensated financially. may
calm down when seeing their account balance increasing.
In addition, the traditional insurance industry may be transformed by the new mutual
insurance  model.  Mutual  insurance  and  decentralization  trading  mechanism  are  completely
interconnected. All parties are completely equal comparing to traditional insurance industry
where insurees are often in a weaker position than the insurers. Under the new model the
intermediary is no longer required to act as an organizer to establish a pool of funds, users can
fully utilize the design of the block chain consensus mechanism and establish insurance on the
form of  point to  point mutual assistance.  Each  premium payment  can be  traceable,  open,
transparent, timely and efficient. Combined with the hybrid consensus mechanism of TrueChain,
mutual insurance can also be supervised to ensure the emergence of moral hazard.
Block chain technology enables the insurance industry to return to the main business of
matching supply and demand and calculating risks, rather than focusing on asset management
capabilities such as today, which should not be the intention of insurance.
Medical care
In the medical field, the anonymity and decentralization of the block chain can be used to
protect  the  patient's  privacy.  Electronic  health  cases                                           (EHR),  DNA  purse,  and  drug  anti-
counterfeiting are all possible applications of block chain technology.
IBM published a report on health care and block chain in 2017, which specifically explained
the potential value of block chain technology in clinical laboratory records, regulatory compliance,
and medical / health monitoring records, as well as health management, medical equipment data
records, drug treatment, billing and claims, safety of adverse events, medical assets management,
medical contracts management and other special advantages.
In terms of EHR, an individual's complete health history record contains all the vital signs,
high and accurate records of the medicine, the doctor's diagnosis, the patient's disease, and all
the information related to the operation. The whole historical data related to the medical staff,
the location and the events are valuable for precision treatment and disease prevention. With its
traits of security, transparency, decentralization etc., the block chain seems to be the perfect
technology to apply to this area. The data of individual and institutional groups are stored and
shared in real time.
In the system of TrueChain, every transaction has a timestamp, and becomes a part of the
permanent record which cannot be tampered with afterwards. All nodes can view all records in a
permissionless  blockchain  without  permission.  In  a  permission-restricted  permissionless
blockchain environment, each node can establish a consensus mechanism to determine the
node's access to the transaction, thus maintaining privacy and concealment of the real identity of
each node when needed. In this way, the block chain realizes the complete record of the asset
lifecycle. When assets flow through the entire supply chain, no matter patient health records or a
TrueChAin  初链                                                                                          www.truechAin.pro




bottle of pills, all records are clearly visible.
IBM investigated the value of block chain to the medical executives,and executives generally
believed that block chains can most effectively eliminate medical information friction, including
incomplete information, information risk and inability to access information. For example, while
computer records cannot can ensure the accuracy of information input, the block chain on the
other hand, with its ability such as selecting the fastest and best information to put into the
database with high security, can overcome the past medical information barriers and maximize
its own strength.
The standardization of smart contracts is a key link in the application of block chains, which
is of great value in the supervision of medical behavior. When non-compliance events occur,
smart contracts will automatically track compliance and send notifications to relevant parties in
real time, effectively remove inspection links, simplify the implementation process, and reduce
supervision costs.
On the basis of data confidentiality and reliable quality, organizations, institutions and
enterprises can join the system and cooperate with data. Using personal health data, medical
equipment  data,  data  collected  by  medical  and  nursing  staff,  developing  new  medical
applications or providing services, implementing health management and creating new data
sources, one can form a larger block chain ecology and a virtuous cycle.
In terms of billing and claims, block chains can also effectively prevent improper behavior
such as fraud, and reduce the waste of medical resources. Enterprise PokitDok, Capital One, and
Gem proposed a platform supported by block chains to help patients before receiving treatment,
determine the amount of self-payment in advance, provide pre-payment services, avoid the
unexpected costs of the patients, and to reduce the amount of unpaid payments by medical
institutions.
The traceability of block chain also includes the tracing of medical malpractice and the
backtracking and supervision of drugs. For example, the establishment of a consistent drug
distribution and management system will be a fatal blow to counterfeit drugs. Because the data
of the block chain is updated and widely shared, pharmacies, manufacturers, buyers, regulators
and other parties can observe the flow of data in real time, including drug manufacturing and
distribution information, so as to strengthen drug regulation and prevent counterfeit drugs from
entering the market. It is reported that the UK company, Blockverify, is one of the organizations
to carry out drug source pilot projects to help medical staff verify authenticity through scanning
drugs.
Block chain can eliminate adverse safety incidents, such as solving the safety problems of
medical devices,  especially the health  devices connected to  the network. In  2016, Johnson
warned patients that their "OneTouch Ping" insulin pump was easily attacked by hackers, and
FDA had reported a network security leak in St. Judah's medical heart equipment. Therefore, the
normal operation of medical devices connected to the network is very important. Maintaining
network security is also an important application of block chain in medical scenes.
Game
The combination of the block chain and the game refers to the creation of virtual assets for
TrueChAin  初链                                                                                        www.truechAin.pro




collection on the block chain. It is not like Etherum cat or Etherum Three Kingdoms, where the
players obtain the false "block chain" game through the contribution of new players and the
circulation of the virtual assets. It’s more than that which the use of cross chain technology in the
game production can upgrade the industry.
As far as current development is concerned, the focus of block chain can be applied to the game
of virtual asset circulation and gaming platform. For most games, the users are not sticky enough
and may lose quickly after playing Company A's game, because its gain in Company A's game
can't be transformed into a drive to play other games of Company A. Through applying the block
chain technology, the traceability, convenient circulation and low cost of the virtual assets can be
ensured, and the loyalty of the old players can be greatly improved, the ecology between
different games of A company and the life cycle of the users can be extended. Small game
companies can even unite to trade virtual assets in the same chain, in order to reduce user
diversion costs and enhance user dependency.
Large games often hold many friendly matches and league matches. Using block chain smart
contract  can solve  problems such  as timely  delivery and  transparency.  When  the  interface
invocation gets the result of the game, the code automatically runs to complete the prize
delivery gambling delivery.
Public welfare
Public welfare is one of the most important public issue as well as system in modern society.
By the end of July 2017, among the 70 million poor people in our country, nearly 30 million of
the poor were poor.How to make public welfare more efficient, more fair and more transparent
is a vital problem to be solved.
Philanthropists donate money to charitable organizations to help the trapped groups or
improve the community. Where are these money used in the end? It is a question of which not
only the donors but also the public deserve to know. The charity organizations also face the
challenge of the traceability of the fund. How can it prove that the money has been sent to the
needed? The two sides often encounter produce a lot of contradictions, like suspension of the
flow of denoted money, embezzlement, corruption and so on. It not only harms the fund and
those who are in need, but also hurts the good will of the philanthropists and the public.
The  application  of  block  chain  technology  will  bring  significant  changes,  especially
improvements  to  philanthropy  by  keeping  a  transparent,  decentralized,  traceable  ledger  of
donation and transmission. As a distributed ledger technology, the information on block chain
can not be of tampered, and is transparent and traceable. It can perfectly solve the aching points
of the public welfare system as mentioned above. When the user's good money enters the block
chain system, it will be automatically recorded on the ledger of block chain and stamped with a
timestamp. This record cannot be tampered and every donation and support will be tracked as
"express".
Many blocks chain and charity projects have been tried to land.
In July 2016, the Ant charity block chain was officially launched. "Let the deaf children get
the new sound" became the small scale test project of the Ant Financial and the Chinese Social
Assistance Foundation. The new edition was launched in December 2016, adding the first block
chain of the Chinese Red Cross Foundation  "Say Goodbye to the Hearing  Barrier" and the
TrueChAin  初链                                                                                           www.truechAin.pro




"Children Illuminating the Stars", realizing the real time account publicity and helping to solve
the "pain point" of public financial transparency. Until March 16, 2017, all the donation project
on Alipay has been accessed to the ant block chain platform. Statistics show that, by January 30,
2018, there were 37 public welfare institutions, more than 300 public welfare projects, access to
the Ant Block Chain Platform. More than 9.37 million donations have collected a total amount of
over 48 million yuan donations.
In December 2016, the network mutual support platform held a "Heart Chain" conference in
Shanghai. "Heart Chain" is a product which relies on block chain technology, specially designed
for the public welfare industry. Relying on the block chain technology, all donations will be
recorded on the "heart chain". Data including the amount of donations, capital flow is open and
transparent. It is impossible for the public funds to be accessed illegally. This also makes personal
kindhearted behaviors an objective "digital asset". As of October 2017, the times of platform
donation has exceeded 100 million, and nearly 2 billion of the assets had been issued.
Numerous examples show the future trend of the integration of block chain and charity.
Asset Securitization
The extension of the digital currency lies in the token. Assets can be converted into tokens,
and token can be turned into a proof of the assets usage rights. The transformation of assets into
currency is a kind of securitization. If a book can be set up between the nodes and all the assets
in the asset securitization pool are moved to this book, all the characteristics of the basic assets
are marked, the block updates according to the transaction time which means non-tampered,
and regular following up is conducted, the effective combination of asset securitization and block
chain can be realized.
Digital advertising industry
The digital advertising industry monopolized by Facebook, Alibaba, Google, Baidu and other
Internet  giants  has  many  industry  pain  points.  Small  and  medium-sized  advertising  media,
constrained  by the size  of Internet giants,  are forced to  form  a "flow alliance"  with  weak
bargaining power. For advertisers, the users who can modify the data and the group that is
difficult  to  measure  makes  the  digital  advertisers  face  serious  information  asymmetry.
Advertisers often pay high advertising costs for distorted users' clicks and coverage, but fail to
achieve the desired results.
The existence of many advertising trading platforms has provided an alternative solution to
advertisers to some extent, but the trust problem between the two sides has not been eliminated.
On one hand, some advertising platforms rely on the development of robots to increase the
amount of advertising clicks and cheat for advertising fees; on the other hand, some advertisers
refuse to pay advertising costs before the advertising media is released. Therefore, in fact,
compared  with  the  Internet  advertising  platform,  the  small  and  medium-sized  advertising
platform has lower efficiency and less mutual trust.
In the final analysis, the crux of the digital advertising industry lies in  the trust mechanism.
In the face of the high cost of trusting the Internet giants and the less expensive but fraudulent
situations, advertisers are most hopeful of the emergence of a low-cost mutual trust trading
TrueChAin  初链                                                                                           www.truechAin.pro




platform. The commercial application of block chain technology makes this hope a reality.
Because  of  the  characteristics  of  de-centralization,  anonymity,  openness,  autonomy  and
irreversibility of transaction records, block chain technology provides a transparent and mutual
trust trading platform for its advertisers. Followings can be mainly realized:
(1) data can be transmitted to the audience and can be counted.
(2) advertisers and advertising media are safe in funding.
(3) translucent transactions of all parties.
By using smart contracts, both parties can establish a safe and reliable trading mechanism,
and make the advertising result measurable and reduce transaction costs. Users involved in
advertising transactions have also entered the economic ecosystem of TrueChain, which can
acquire or create higher added value in TrueChain’s ecology.
Micropayments
In many situations, people occupy too much public resources or cause negative externalities
but fail to pay the corresponding remuneration. If the rear vehicle exceeds the front vehicle from
the left, it actually takes up the road traffic resources of the fast lane. A front car with the right of
way has to slow down and yield the rear vehicle. If the times of autopilot is coming, when the
rear car has the need to surpass the front car, it can send out a request for transcending from the
left side and pays a small fee, and the front car will automatically yield to it after receiving the
request. It can not only guarantee the completion of Overtaking Behavior, but also make the
front car gain from giving up the right of way, which is safe and fair.
For another example, solve the problem of spam emails and spam messages. Assume every mail
and text message is required to pay the counterpart a small fee before sending. For the normal
communication, the cost of communication is not significantly improved because they send
messages in both directions, but for people who send a large number of spammers or spam
messages,  they  will  face  a  huge  cost  which  reduces  the  possibility  of  sending  garbage
information in one way greatly.
The realization of small payment must be done by block chain without charge. TrueChain that
provides high performance and stable trading environment is just suitable for these scenes.
Value transmission
Although there is a long way for block chaining technology to go, it can be seen that its
application in the financial field is inevitable. It is not only currency creation, but the real changes
that the block chain can bring to the financial industry lie in the value transmission and the public
account. Many institutions both at home and abroad have made active exploration in the aspects
of payment and settlement, asset registration and asset transfer. Because the block chain is a
public, traceable, and non-tampered distributed general ledger system, it can effectively reduce
the error rate of payment, liquidation, settlement steps, and monitor the inflow and outflow of
each step of funds simultaneously, promoting the establishment of a faithful society and be
conducive  to  financial  supervision.  With  the  development  of  block  chain  technology,  the
authenticity of assets will be further guaranteed.
TrueChAin  初链                                                                                               www.truechAin.pro




Digital copyright
DECENT, a block chain company in Switzerland, hopes to use block chain technology to
improve digital rights management. Through the digital video fingerprint identification, the
unique "fingerprint" is abstracted from the motion change, color and key frame of the video. This
fingerprint  is  used  to  track  the  video  content  on  the  protection  network.  Because  of  the
uniqueness and irreversibility of the hash coding used widely in block chain data storage, the
encoding of each file is not the same. Digital fingerprinting technology can systematically use the
detailed characteristics of documents to distinguish genuine and pirated content, and trace the
source of piracy.
Other application scenarios
Using  the  extensibility  of  its  nodes  and  the  efficiency  and  security  of  the  consensus
mechanism, TrueChain can be more applied to the fields of financial formats like mobile digital
bill of exchange, securities trading, and supply chain management, property right tracking, digital
certificate, etc.
V Product matrix
The product matrix of TrueChain is as follows:
TrueChain  Light  Wallet  provides  nodes  with  services  such  as  receiving,  sending  and
managing all TrueChain digital assets.
Stellar provides a convenient, stable and efficient smart contract development platform for
commercial Dapp developers. Developers can manage the whole life cycle of contracts.
Dapp Warehouse is a user-oriented Dapp downloading platform.
TrueScan, as TrueChain’s browser, provides contract monitoring, transaction statistics, book
search, privacy protection and other services to nodes.
In the future, TrueChain will continue to improve the smart contract development kit and
expand the product richness of the infrastructure to meet the needs of the new generation of
permissionless blockchain users to develop personalized and complex smart contracts.
VI Token Economy
TrueChAin  初链                                                                                            www.truechAin.pro




TrueChain uses its own TrueChain Currency  (TRUE) as its token, which can
realize the functions of value storage, payment means, value scale, etc. The total
amount of issuance is 100 million.
The proportion of True distribution is shown as follows:
TRUE allocated to TrueChain’s team will be restricted by the long term
weighting schedule, and the specific contact rules are as follows:
A. 20%, or 3000000 TrueChain Currency (TRUE), is released after 3 months of
token distribution.
B. 25%, or 3750000 TrueChain Currency (TRUE), is released after 12 months of
token distribution.
C. 25%, or 3750000 TrueChain Currency (TRUE), is released after 24 months of
token distribution.
D. 30%, or 4500000 TrueChain Currency (TRUE), is released after 36 months of
token distribution.
At this point, TrueChain Currency allocated to the TrueChain team is lifted.
VII Team Introduction
Research and Developers Community
Eric Zhang   CEO
M. S. In computer science, Oxford University
Studied distributed systems at the European Nuclear Research Organization CERN
TrueChAin  初链                                                                        www.truechAin.pro




Founder of the world's largest and most extensive Hacker community --Dorahacks
Yang Liu   CTO
B.S. & M.S. Computer Science, Tsinghua University
10+years experience in development and system architecture
Cryptography and algorithms expert
Responsible for truechain 's PoW and hybrid consensus
Qingsong Zhou   Product Team Lead
Former co-founder &CTO at the Honest Doctor
More than 10 years of experience in large-scale distributed systems and architectures and products
Ming Tian   Integration lead
A Golang development engineer with more than 10 years of c/c++ development experience and
responsible for large projects, has strong learning ability, has a complete real-time database
products and digital currency trading platform project experience, have development of bitcoins
and ethereum wallet.
Felix Cai   Front - end Engineering Lead
Graduated from Xi'an Jiao Tong University youth class.
First Prize, DoraHacks Autumn@Xi An 2017
Seay (wizard)   Security Coordinator
Leader of Ali attack and defense laboratory
The blogger of well-known security blog “cnseay.com”.
He once served at Alibaba security, and was , Sobug technology partner.
Seay has experiences of more than ten years in security attack and defense and served for
several well-known enterprises.
Brian Liu     Blockchain Evangelist
Sc and B.S from Peking University
Author of "Blockchain: 101"
10+ working year experience in software development, leading and coaching high performing teams.
Worked in IBM China Development Lab (CDL) High Performance Computing team and "LERO - The Irish
Software Engineering Research Center" Distributed Systems research group.
Binqi Tang   Senior developer
Former manager of Shengzhen Coship electronics comopany’s development department,
Architect of Jwinlink, Technique expert of 58 home
Internet framework 、 big data analysis architecture 、 product planning 、 implementing and
operating expert
TrueChAin  初链                                                                                        www.truechAin.pro




Growth and Operation Community
Xiaoyong Cheng   Chief Strategy Officer
A part-time researcher at Tsinghua university, executive director of China cloud system industry
innovation strategy alliance, and member of the youth leader of chang 'an club.
Larry Lin Chief Development Officer
The  expert  of  Internet  marketing  and  community  operation,  has  been  responsible  for  the
operation of "Baidu encyclopedia", which is the largest co-building community in China. Lin has
more than 10 years of digital advertising and Internet industry experience, and was the author of
several bestsellers in propaganda.
Hillary Nguyen TrueChain Vietnamese Partner
Managing partner of Alphawhale Capital.
A Strategist, Advisor, Communicator, Consultant, community influencer and Speaker in
Blockchain, Digital asset management.
With diverse set of skills, Hillary executes her management role effectively into the new
foundation of company in 4.0 revolution.Yan Liu   Community Coordinator
Responsible for TrueChain community operation, 10+years internet product operation
experience, Senior advisor of ADP
Paulus Pham TrueChain Vietnamese Partner
Blockchain community management professional
Managers of some major blockchain user community in Vietnam
Pingping wang TrueChain Strategic partner of Korea
Element Director, China Business
Money Today Innovation Strategy Team Reporter
One Asia Reporter
Asia Today Multimedia Desk & International Reporter
Sun-Woo Chu TrueChain Strategic partner of Korea
Element Founder & CEO
Global Finance Society’s China Committee Chairman
Former Money Today Innovation Strategy Team Asia Chief
One Asia Editor-in-Chief
Asia Today Multimedia Desk Editor/International Editor
TrueChAin  初链                                                                                        www.truechAin.pro




Advisors
ChuiZhou Lin
Academician consultant of TrueChain
Academician of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences and Hong Kong Academy of Engineering
Sciences
Former  vice — principal  of  Hong  Kong  University  of  Science  and  technology  and  a  former
president of Industrial Technology Research Institute.
Former Visiting professor of National University of Singapore,Tsinghua University, University of
Science and Technology of China, Shanghai Jiaotong University and many prestigious Institutions
at home and abroad.
Yushi Shen
Secretary General of China Cloud System Industry Innovation Strategic Alliance, Bachelor of
Electronic Engineering from Tsinghua University, Master of Science and Doctor of Computer
Science from the University of California-San Diego. National Thousand Talents Program Review
Specialist,  Tsinghua  University  and  many  other  university  researchers.  He  has  served  as  a
strategic consultant for Microsoft Corporation, head of cloud computing government affairs and
business development in China, and worked at Microsoft headquarters from 2006 to 2012 as a
senior software architect.
PUNTIL JONGJITTRAKOON
President of Thailand Crypto Beach Association
Jimmy Zhao
Founder of ZBX.COM( European branches of ZB),
Founder of Cryptonord (Cryptonord is the Cornerstone Investors of TrueChain)
A prominent figure in the blockchain industry of Europe, Jimmy manages a fund of  10,000
bitcoins
Jamie Cooper
A global intellectual property legal expert, the professor of California Western School of Law,
chairman  of  Proyecto  ACCESO  foundation  project,  former  United  States  State  Department,
American Development Bank, American patent and Trademark Office consultant, United States
representative of the world intellectual property organization.
TrueChAin  初链                                                                                           www.truechAin.pro




VIII Development Roadmap
2018.1 True white paper released
2018.3 PBFT alliance chain online
2018.4 Hybrid consensus mechanism is well designed
Contract lifecycle management platform release and stellar platform release
2018.5 TrueChain engineering roadmap was released on github
TrueChain light wallet online
TrueChain decentralized node campaign system online
2018.6 Hybrid consensus code framework open source
Hybrid consensus incentives released
Main network v0.01 internal test
2018.7 fPoW basic framework implementation and open source
The American developer community was founded
Byzantine & DAO community autonomous mode operation
2018.8 fPoW and TrueChain main network integration
2018.9 TrueChain mainnet launch (only open to priority nodes)
Research and development of Hybrid consensus fragmentation mechanism
2018-Q4 Late October: smart contract platform launch
2019-Q1 TrueChain mainnet launch
2019-Q2 The launch of sharding, storage solution, easy Dapp (Beta version)
2019-Q3 Comprehensively promote solutions in easy Dapp industry and sharding industry
TrueChAin  初链                                                                           www.truechAin.pro




X Investment institutions
Partners
                            cooperator                                                                                     Item
                            Tsinghua university Internet industry research institute                          Academic     research on block chain              industry
                            China cloud system industry strategic innovation alliance           Independent   innovation   in the cloud                         system industry
Tsinghua                    University                                                  Press                              Research and books
                            Dorahacks                                                                                      Talent and activities
                            SlowMist                                                                                       Safety and Protection
                            Wootop                                                                                         Medical data application
                            Knownsec.com                                                                                   Blockchain security and protection
TrueChAin  初链               www.truechAin.pro




Statement
Nothing in this white paper constitutes legal, financial, commercial or tax advice, and you
should consult with your own legal, financial, tax or other professional adviser before engaging in
any activity related to this.
All content will be applied to the foundation of all objects, including but not limited to
promote  the  research,  design  and  development,  advocates  the  global  and  open  source
Blockchain global information and communication network system interconnection and trust
exchange value, promote the safe development, harmonious development of the ecosystem.
The white paper includes information from third party sources, the foundation and the team
did not independently verify the accuracy or completeness of the information. There is no
warranty  as  to  the  accuracy  or  completeness  of  such  information  and  no  representation,
warranty or commitment as to the accuracy or completeness of such information.
The foundation and the TrueChain team will not make any representations, warranties or
commitments to any entity or individual. TRUE users should carefully consider and evaluate all
risks and uncertainties  (including financial and legal risks and other uncertainties) associated
with TRUE.
The information contained in this white paper is for community discussion only and is not
legally binding. White paper contains content, and in the press release or any place all of the
statements, representations, access, and oral presentations (including statement of intent, belief,
or the current expectations of market conditions, business strategies and plans, financial situation,
specific  rules  and  risk  management  practices).  Given  these  statements  involve  known  and
unknown risks, uncertainties and other may caused the actual future results and  the  different
factors in such forward looking statements, we recommend that you do not rely too much on
these forward-looking statements.
The  white  paper  information  is  only  updated  to  the  date  of  this  white  paper,  and  the
TrueChain team is not responsible for any forward-looking statements and events after the date
of the white paper update（whether express or implied）.
This white paper can be translated into other languages. In case of any conflict or ambiguity
between the translation versions, the English version shall prevail.
No part of this white paper may be reproduced, distributed or disseminated in any way
without the prior written consent of the foundation.
TrueChAin  初链                                                                                           www.truechAin.pro





