Viacoin Whitepaper
Viacoin Dev Team
September 12, 2017
Last updated on March 17, 2018
Abstract
Viacoin  is  an  open  source  crypto-currency  created  in                               2014,  derived  from  the
[bitcoin2008]Bitcoin protocol that supports embedded consensus with an extended
OP_RETURN of 120 byte. Viacoin features Scrypt Merged mining, also called Auxiliary
proof of work or AuxPoW, and 25x faster transactions than Bitcoin. Viacoin mining
reward halving takes place every 6 months and has a total supply of 23,176,392.41459
coins. The inflation rate of Viacoin is low due to minimal mining reward.
As the block reward of Viacoin is low, miners are given incentive to mine Viacoin
through Merged mining (AuxPoW). Viacoin is currently mined by one of the biggest
mining pools  (F2Pool) with a very high hashrate. Other features include a mining
difficulty adjustment algorithm to address flaws in Kimoto’s Gravity Well (DarkGravity-
Wave), Versionbits to allow for 29 simultaneous Soft Fork changes to be implemented
at a time, Segwit and the Lightning Network
small Note: The whitepaper, documentation, designs are in research and development
phase and subject to change.
Viacoin.org - September 2017                                                              1




Viacoin Whitepaper
1. Scrypt
In cryptography, [scrypt]Scrypt is a password based key derivation function created by
Colin Percival. The algorithm was designed to make it costly to perform large-scale
custom hardware attacks by requiring large amounts of memory. In 2012, the algo-
rithm was published by the IETF as an internet draft intended to become an informa-
tional RFC, but a version of Scrypt is now used as a proof of work scheme by cryptocur-
rencies like Viacoin.
Scrypt is a memory hard key derivation function, it requires a reasonably large amount
of Random Ac-cess Memory to be evaluated. This makes implementation in special
purpose custom hardware  (ASICs) require more VLSI area, which would make it
unprofitable to build for the purpose of mining Viacoins. The requirement of Scrypt
algorithm is a large array of pseudo random bits to be held in memory and a key that is
derived from this. The algorithm is based on TMTO (Time-Memory Tradeoff). ASIC
advantage in Viacoin is reduced by a factor of 10 compared to Bitcoin.
Scrypt uses the following parameters to generate a derived key:
- Passphrase: String of characters to hash
- Salt: Random string provided to Scrypt functions
- N: Memory/CPU cost parameter
- P: Parallelization parameter
- R: Blocksize parameter
- dkLen: Intended length of the key derived key in bytes
kd = scrypt(P, S, N, P, R, dkLen)
Viacoin parameters where N=1024, R=1, P=1 and S= random 80 bytes producing a
256-bit output
Viacoin.org - September 2017                                                              2




Viacoin Whitepaper
2. Merged Mining AuxPow
Viacoin                                                                                       [auxpow]Merged  mining  aims  to  reuse  the  mining  power  of  any  other
[scrypt]Scrypt coin to add security to the Viacoin blockchain, allowing a miner to mine
for more than one blockchain at the same time. For example, a miner could mine
Viacoin and Litecoin or any other Scrypt coin together with Viacoin with little to no
impact on the hashrate of either one.
Every hash the miner contributes is for the total hashrate of both cryptocurrencies and
results in a more secure blockchain. An AuxPoW block is a type of block similar to a
standard Bitcoin block with two differences. The hash of the block header does not meet
the difficulty level of the blockchain. Secondly, it has additional data elements that
shows that the miner who created a block did mining on the parent blockchain and that
works meet the difficulty level of the aux blockchain.
Miners have an incentive to mine Viacoin even if the reward is low as they are able to
mine any other Scrypt coin simultaneously Viacoin for “free”. As Viacoin mining isn’t
driven by large block rewards, this allows Viacoin to have a lower rate of inflation com-
pared to other cryptocurrencies that do not support merged mining.
3. Dark Gravity Wave
[darkGravityWave]Dark Gravity Wave (DGW) is an open source difficulty algorithm.
DGW was authored by Evan Duffield, the developer and creator of X11/Darkcoin/Dash.
The algorithm was designed to address flaws like the Time warp attack in Kimoto
Gravity Wave algorithm.
Dark Gravity Wave was first introduced in Dash (Darkcoin). DGW makes use of multiple
exponential moving averages and simple moving averages to smoothen the
readjustment mechanism.
Formula:
2222222/(((Difficulty + 2600)/9) )
Dark Gravity Wave version 3 is the latest version and allows for improved difficulty retar-
geting compared to
the well known Kimo Gravity Well algorithm.
Viacoin.org - September 2017                                                                  3




Viacoin Whitepaper
4. Segwit
Viacoin has [segwit]Segwit (BIP 141) activated. Segregated Witness helps to shrink the
size of a transaction and cope with the UTXO growth. Segregated Witness is a
transaction format where witness data is segregated from the transaction.
It also aims to increase the per-block transaction throughput by a factor of 2 or 3, while
simultaneously making block syncing faster for new nodes.
The main purpose of Segwit implementation in Viacoin is not to increase capacity
however, it is to fix malleability and make scripting easier to upgrade.
Fixing malleability allows for the addition of features in Viacoin like [atomic]atomic
swaps, bidirectional payment channels and Lightning networks that could increase
Viacoin interoperability with Bitcoin.
Segwit includes versioning for scripts so that additional opcodes (that would normally
require a hard-fork in non-segwit transactions) can be used instead. Easier changes to
script opcodes will make advancing Viacoin easier. This makes the addition of Schnorr
signatures, sidechains, MAST and other features possible.
5. The Lightning Network
[lightningNetwork]The Lightning Network is a transfer network operating at a layer
above the Viacoin blockchain using smart contract functionality in the blockchain to
enable instant payments across a net- work of participants. This enables improve-
ments of several orders of magnitude in transaction throughput by moving the majority
of transactions outside the consensus ledgers into Payment channels. This allows
millions to billions of transactions per second across the network. A capacity that
blows away legacy payment rails. This is made possible by supporting on-chain scripts
in which parties enter into bilateral stateful contracts, in which the state can be updat-
ed by sharing a digital signature and can be closed by publishing evidence onto the
blockchain.
The Lightning Network allows for exceptionally low fees. For a low-value transaction,
the Lightning Network is the silver bullet. It allows for new kinds of commerce.
By opening a payment channel with many parties, participants in the LN can become a
focal point for routing the payment of others leading into a fully connected payment
channel. The payments are enforced using a script which enforces the atomicity via
decrementing time-locks.
Viacoin.org - September 2017                                                                 4




Viacoin Whitepaper
Another benefit is the possibility of atomic cross-chain transactions, enabling users to
trade viacoin, bitcoin, litecoin and other Segwit coins instantaneously, allowing for
extremely efficient, decentralized exchanges or a decentralized form of ’Shapeshift.io’.
6. Schnorr signature
Schnorr signature aggregation is part of upcoming developments as well. This func-
tionality has also been proposed in Bitcoin as the successor of ECDSA as it is a more
efficient algorithm. Until recently, in Viacoin and in many other cryptocoins, it was not
possible to implement Schnorr signatures without a hardfork. Now with the malleabili-
ty of Segwit, it is possible. All signature data is moved to the witness. Viacoin currently
utilized Elliptic Curve Digital Signatures (ECDSA) as a zk proof of ownership in order to
authorize the transfer from one output to another. In  2015, Daniel J. Bernstein
proposed to use a Schnorr like signature on top of an Elliptic Curve.
Some Advantages:
- Provably secure under standard assumptions
- Immunity to malleability
- Resistance to hash-function collisions
- Batch validation for a 2-3x speedup
- Native k-of-k Multisignatures . . .
Schnorr signature supports batch validation, which means that if you have a group of
public key message signature pairs rather than just a single one, you can verify the
authenticity of the group as a whole at a higher speed than each of them individually.
This method is ideal since blocks are just big batches of signatures to validate.
Native k-of-k multi signatures, the idea of Schnorr is that you can take multiple keys
together and have a single signature that proves that all of them are signed. A group
can create a signature valid for the sum of keys. U1, U2 and U3 are the users. There’s a
2 round interaction scheme where they all come up with a n-once k1, k2, k3 and they
all compute a corresponding public point R1, R2, R3. They communicate those to each
other and add them up with an overall R value. This overall R value signs this nonce
with their own key resulting in an S1, 2, S3 and then you combine all the S values into
one final S. A signature that will be valid for the sum of their keys.
This has the advantage of the k-of-k multisig.
Viacoin.org - September 2017                                                                  5




Viacoin Whitepaper
Even if there is not a k-of-k situation, any other policy of what combination of keys can
be signed. All one needs is a merkle tree plus the ability for Schnorr to add up and build
a tree where every node leaf of the tree is a combination of keys that can be signed.
These then need to be hashed together and the root is the address. OP_CHECKSIG &
OP_CHECKMULTISIG will be modified so that they can stack pubkeys, delin- earize and
associate validated inputs and produce a combined signature for the transaction
resulting into a 20% reduction in block size.
2 out of 4 (k1...k4)
O( 1) verification time
O(log n) signature size
O(n) signing time
It is possible to do aggregation over all signatures in a single transaction. The idea
behind it, is to enable system validators like Viacoin nodes to compute a single key for
every input of all transactions.
Viacoin.org - September 2017                                                                 6




Viacoin Whitepaper
7. Non-atomic flushing
In order to make the system robust, the state on the disk has to be persistent with a
block. With an unexpected shutdown of the wallet, we can startup and rollback or roll
forward inside of it and be able to get a consistent tip on the disk. Normally whenever
the cache would fill up, a flush would be forced. If it is present at startup it means we
crashed during flush, and we rollback/roll forward blocks inside of it to get a consistent
tip on disk before proceeding.
8. Colored coins
Viacoin scripting language allows to store small amounts of metadata on the
blockchain which can represent asset manipulation instructions. A Viacoin transaction
can be encoded that x units of a new asset were issued and are credited to a Viacoin
address. The term is derived from the idea of “coloring” a nominal amount of coins. By
coloring a Viacoin, it turns into a token that can represent anything a user wants to
trade like com- pany stocks or physical goods.
This seems very similar to ’Counterparty’ but there are some key differences. It uses
the Viacoin blockchain (e.g NXT).
It does not issue an auxiliary coin (e.g Counterparty and Mastercoin). The medata gives
meaning to a [coloredCoins]colored coin transaction which is usually stored in one of
the OP_RETURN opcodes. The output containing the OP_RETURN is called a marker
output. This marketcout can have a zero or non-zero value. The marker outputs starts
with the OP_RETURN opcode and can be followed by any sequence of opcodes which
must contain a PUSHDATA opcode containing a parsable open Asset market Payload.
The asset quantity list field is used to determine the quantity of each output of the asset
and each integer is using LEB128 encoding. If this exceeds 9 bytes, the market output
is deemed invalid. The maximum asset quantity for an output is 263 − 1units. The
colored coins [openAsset]Open Asset Protocol sits on top of the Viacoin protocol. It
does not require any changes to the Viacoin protocol itself.
Viacoin.org - September 2017                                                                  7




Viacoin Whitepaper
9. MAST (Merkelized Abstract Syntax Trees)
[MAST]Mast allows Viacoin transaction validation scripts to be stored in partial-
ly-hashed form and allows nodes to interact with Merkle Trees. “When spending, users
may provide only the branches they are ex- ecuting, and hashes that connect the
branches to the fixed size Merkle root. This reduces the size of the redemption stack
from O(n) to O(log n) (n as the number of branches). This enables complicated redemp-
tion conditions that is currently not possible due to the script size and opcode limit,
improves privacy by hiding unexecuted branches, and allows inclusion of non-consen-
sus enforced data with very low or no additional cost.”
It is important because MAST allows smart contracts to be created without clogging up
the blockchain. Usually all smart contracts would be visible on the blockchain and take
up space. With MAST it is possible to only reveal the smart contracts that have been
completed, saving space as nodes only have to read the top layer of the Merkle Tree.
This may seem familiar to Ethereum’s smart contract system but there is a difference.
Ethereum accesses a VM directly where VIA will obtain access to a VM though Root-
Stock (RSK). RSK aims to be what Ethereum should have been:
a decentralized, Turing-complete smart contract platform.
10.Viacoin RSK smart contracts
[rootstock]Rootstock is a smart contract platform which has a two-way peg. The idea
is to enable it to work with smart contracts. Rootstock runs a turing complete Virtual
machine called Rootstock Virtual Machine (which is also compatible with Ethereum
virtual machine!) and allows solidity compiled smart contracts to run. It could work by
merge mining with Viacoin, which allows the RSK blockchain to have the same security
level as Viacoin. It should allow for approximately  2000 transactions per second
on-chain and 20000 transactions per second off-chain.
Viacoin.org - September 2017                                                              8




Viacoin Whitepaper
11. Anonymous transactions
[styx]An Unlinkable Anonymous Atomic Payment Hub For Viacoin based on Tumblebit.
https://github.com/viacoin/documents/blob/master/whitepapers/styx/Viacoin-Styx-Whitepaper.pdf
Viacoin.org - September 2017                                                                    9





